--- frame_0001.jpg ---
1) Your company uses Google Cloud Platform to house secure customer data. You are a data security
manager and want to control which permissions are granted to the users who handle the data. Which of the
following should you do to control permissions?

Assign roles

Use access lists
Use authentications
Assign resources

9O DY

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0003.jpg ---
2) Which of the following Google Cloud products can be used to explore and visualize data? (Choose 2
answers)

Cloud Composer
Dataproc
Datalab

Data Studio

2.0 0 >

Correct Answer: CD

Explanation

Datalab and Data Studio are tools for exploring and visualizing data. Datalab allows you to interactively explore, visualize,
analyze, and transform data using familiar languages, such as Python and SQL. Pre-installed Jupyter introductory,
sample, and tutorial notebooks, show you how to access, analyze, monitor, and visualize data. Data Studio is a tool that
allows you to tell your data story with charts, including line, bar, and pie charts, geo maps, area and bubble graphs,
paginated data tables, pivot tables, and more.

Cloud Firestore is a storage tool. It is a NoSQL document database that lets you easily store, sync, and query data for
your mobile and web apps on a global scale. It is not appropriate in this scenario because it is not a data visualization
tool.

Dataproc is a tool for processing and analyzing data. Dataproc is a fully managed and highly scalable service for running
Apache Spark, Apache Flink, Presto, and 30+ open source tools and frameworks. It is not appropriate in this scenario
because it is not primarily a data visualization tool as specified in this scenario.
https://cloud.google.com/architecture/data-lifecycle;cloud-platform,,,



--- frame_0005.jpg ---
3) You are migrating workloads to the cloud. The goal of the migration is to serve customers worldwide
as quickly as possible According to local regulations, certain data is required to be stored in a specific
geographic area, and it can be served worldwide. You need to design the architecture and deployment
for your workloads.

What should you do?

A. Select a public cloud provider that is only active in the required geographic area

B. Select a private cloud provider that globally replicates data storage for fast data access

C. Select a public cloud provider that guarantees data location in the required geographic area
D. Select a private cloud provider that is only active in the required geographic area

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0006.jpg ---
4) You are an IT manager who wants to reduce the cost and labor that would be required for a manual
application modernization project using a Google Cloud solution. You are deciding whether to adopt Migrate
for Compute Engine or Migrate for Anthos and need to explain the differences between the two solutions to
management. Which of the following differences would you explain?

A. Migrate for Compute Engine charges for transferring data to Google, but
Migrate for Anthos does not.

B. Migrate for Anthos migrates to containers, and Migrate for Compute Engine
migrates to virtual machines.

C. Migrate for Compute Engine requires complex deployment and setup, while
Migrate for Anthos requires only lift and shift migration.

D. Migrate for Anthos requires manual operating system upgrades, and Migrate
for Compute Engine is fully managed.

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0009.jpg ---
5) Your organization needs a large amount of extra computing power within the next two weeks.
After those two weeks, the need for the additional resources will end.
Which is the most cost-effective approach?

A. Use a committed use discount to reserve a very powerful virtual machine

B. Purchase one very powerful physical computer

C. Start a very powerful virtual machine without using a committed use discount
D. Purchase multiple physical computers and scale workload across them

Correct Answer: C

"When you purchase a committed use contract, you purchase Compute Engine resources—
such as vCPUs, memory, GPUs, local SSDs, and sole-tenant nodes—at a discounted price in

return for committing to paying for those resources for 1 year or 3 years.”

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0010.jpg ---
6) Which of the following operations in BigQuery reduce the total cost of ownership (TCO) for
customers? (Choose 3 answers)

Queries retrieving results from the cache

Batch loading data into BigQuery from local files

Running a query on an external data source from BigQuery
Deleting a table, view, individual table partitions, and user-
defined functions

6200:

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0012.jpg ---
7) Your organization needs to plan its cloud infrastructure expenditures.
Which should your organization do?

A. Review cloud resource costs frequently, because costs change often based on use

B. Review cloud resource costs annually as part of planning your organization's overall budget
C. If your organization uses only cloud resources, infrastructure costs are no longer part of your
overall budget

D. Involve fewer people in cloud resource planning than your organization did for on-premises
resource planning

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0013.jpg ---
8) How can a software developer contribute to Site Reliability Engineering (SRE) within an

organization?

FTO YS

By allocating problem-solving tasks to operations teams
By manually configuring production systems

By focusing on implementing automation

By creating static solutions in order to avoid failure

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0015.jpg ---
9) The operating systems of some of your organization's virtual machines may have a security
vulnerability.
How can your organization most effectively identify all virtual machines that do not have the latest
security update?

A. View the Security Command Center to identify virtual

machines running vulnerable disk images

B. View the Compliance Reports Manager to identify and

download a recent PCI audit

C. View the Security Command Center to identify virtual

machines started more than 2 weeks ago

D. View the Compliance Reports Manager to identify and

download a recent SOC 1 audit

Correct Answer: A

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0016.jpg ---
10) You are a manager for an energy company that is collecting non-structured key/value data in the form of
usage reports from energy meters and home appliance sensors. Your IT department needs to securely
connect and manage its loT devices. Which of the following solutions would help you to connect and manage
the loT devices securely?

A. loT Core
B. Traffic Director
C. loT Hub
D. loT Portal

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0017.jpg ---
11) You are currently managing workloads running on Windows Server for which your company owns the
licenses. Your workloads are only needed during working hours, which allows you to shut down the
instances during the weekend. Your Windows Server licenses are up for renewal in a month, and you want
to optimize your license cost.

What should you do?

A. Renew your licenses for an additional period of 3 years. Negotiate a cost reduction with your
current hosting provider wherein infrastructure cost is reduced when workloads are not in use

B. Renew your licenses for an additional period of 2 years. Negotiate a cost reduction by committing
to an automatic renewal of the licenses at the end of the 2 year period

C. Migrate the workloads to Compute Engine with a bring-your-own-license (BYOL) model

D. Migrate the workloads to Compute Engine with a pay-as-you-go (PAYG) model

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0019.jpg ---
12) An organization wants to use a Google Cloud service for a time-restricted project with the following guidelines:
The developers should be free from infrastructure management activities. The chosen service should be able to
integrate, clean, prepare, blend, transfer, and transform data. Which of the following Google Cloud services should the
organization use?

Cloud Data Fusion
Cloud Composer
Data Catalog
Dataproc

9ODS

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0021.jpg ---
13) Your organization runs a distributed application in the Compute Engine virtual machines. Your
organization needs redundancy, but it also needs extremely fast communication (less than 10 milliseconds)
between the parts of the application in different virtual machines.

Where should your organization locate this virtual machines?

A. Ina single zone within a single region

B. In different zones within a single region

C. In multiple regions, using one zone per region

D. In multiple regions, using multiple zones per region

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0022.jpg ---
14) You are a Project Manager managing a client project intended to enhance Customer Experience in BFS! by
providing Smart Communication Solutions. As the solution is being developed for BFSI Industry, your client
has indicated that they prefer to have complete control of data and operating system, along with runtimes
and middleware. Which of the following cloud offerings would you suggest to your client?

Infrastructure as a Service (laaS)
Platform as a Service (PaaS)
Function as a Service (FaaS)
Software as a Service (SaaS)

GVOMWP,F

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0023.jpg ---
15) An organization decides to migrate their on-premises environment to the cloud. They need to
determine which resource components still need to be assigned ownership.
Which two functions does a public cloud provider own? (Choose two.)

A. Hardware maintenance

B. Infrastructure architecture

C. Infrastructure deployment automation
D. Hardware capacity management

E. Fixing application security issues

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0025.jpg ---
16) Your client is a banking company that is designing a disaster recovery (DR) plan for its historical
compliance-oriented data. Speedy access to data is not a requirement of the plan. Which of the
following disaster recovery patterns would you suggest?

Cold
Warm
Hot
Live

SG:

Correct Answer: A

Explanation

There is no spare infrastructure associated with the cold DR pattern, and in case of disaster, the planned strategy is
implemented for the rapid setup of the cold DR site.

The infrastructure setup is in place in the warm DR pattern, along with all the required equipment and setup; however, data
load or restoration is required in case of a disaster.

The hot DR patterns backup site has the equipment and all the setup along with the current data in the hot DR pattern.
Live is not a DR pattern type.

https://cloud.google.com/architecture/dr-scenarios-planning-quide

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0026.jpg ---
17) You are a program manager within a Software as a Service (SaaS) company that offers rendering software
for animation studios. Your team needs the ability to allow scenes to be scheduled at will and to be interrupted
at any time to restart later. Any individual scene rendering takes less than 12 hours to complete, and there is no
service-level agreement (SLA) for the completion time for all scenes. Results will be stored in a global Cloud
Storage bucket. The compute resources are not bound to any single geographical location. This software needs
to run on Google Cloud in a cost-optimized way.

What should you do?

A. Deploy the application on Compute Engine using preemptible instances

B. Develop the application so it can run in an unmanaged instance group

C. Create a reservation for the minimum number of Compute Engine instances you will use
D. Start more instances with fewer virtual centralized processing units (vCPUs) instead of
fewer instances with more vCPUs

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0028.jpg ---
18) A global insurance and financial company is planning to adopt cloud services to bring down
infrastructure costs. The cloud deployment model adopted must meet all relevant international data security
regulations. To ensure regulation compliance, the customer data with Client Identifying Data (CID) should be
stored on-premises. Data without Client Identifying Data (CID) will be stored on the public cloud. Which of
the following Cloud deployment models would you recommend?

A. Public Cloud
B. Private Cloud
C. Community Cloud
D. Hybrid Cloud

Correct Answer: D

Explanation
As the customer requires storing customer data with CID on-premises and storing other applications and data on the public
cloud, the hybrid cloud deployment model would be the most appropriate. Hybrid cloud consists of both public cloud and on-
premises resources.

As the scenario requires that the customer data with CID be stored on-premises, the public cloud deployment model is
incorrect.

A private cloud deployment model would not be cost-efficient because the private cloud is operated solely for a single
organization.

A community cloud deployment model would not allow the org

hitps://s|

anization to comply with the regulations to store customer data
with CID because several organizations from the specific community share the infrastructure.


--- frame_0029.jpg ---
19) Your manager wants to restrict communication of all virtual machines with internet access; with
resources in another network; or with a resource outside Compute

Engine. It is expected that different teams will create new folders and projects in the near future.
How would you restrict all virtual machines from having an external IP address?

A. Define an organization policy at the root organization node to restrict virtual machine instances
from having an external IP address

B. Define an organization policy on all existing folders to define a constraint to restrict virtual
machine instances from having an external IP address

C. Define an organization policy on all existing projects to restrict virtual machine instances from
having an external IP address

D. Communicate with the different teams and agree that each time a virtual machine is created, it
must be configured without an external IP address

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0031.jpg ---
20) A company that stores some of its customers’ credit card data on-premises is migrating the data to
Google Cloud. Prior to the migration, the organization wants to understand how Google will store and process
the customer data. Which of the following aspects of the Google Cloud platform should the organization learn
more about?

Availability
Compliance
Privacy
Security

S09. 03

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0033.jpg ---
21) Your multinational organization has servers running mission-critical workloads on its premises
around the world. You want to be able to manage these workloads consistently and centrally, and you
want to stop managing infrastructure.

What should your organization do?

A. Migrate the workloads to a public cloud

B. Migrate the workloads to a central office building

C. Migrate the workloads to multiple local co-location facilities
D. Migrate the workloads to multiple local private clouds

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0034.jpg ---
22) Cloud Build can deploy to which of these services?

Kubernetes

App Engine

Cloud Functions

Cloud Build can deploy to all these services

9TODF

Correct Answer: D

Explanation

As part of your continuous deployment pipeline, Cloud Build can perform deployments using command-line
tools and deploy to Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE), App Engine, Cloud Functions, and Firebase.
https://cloud.google.com/cloud-build/docs/configuring-builds/build-test-deploy-
artifacts#deploying_artifacts

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0035.jpg ---
23) Your organization stores highly sensitive data on-premises that cannot be sent over the public
internet. The data must be processed both on-premises and in the cloud.
What should your organization do?

A. Configure Identity-Aware Proxy (IAP) in your Google Cloud VPC network
B. Create a Cloud VPN tunnel between Google Cloud and your data center
C. Order a Partner Interconnect connection with your network provider

D. Enable Private Google Access in your Google Cloud VPC network

Correct Answer: C

After the service provider provisions your connection, you can start passing
traffic between your networks by using the service provider's network.

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0036.jpg ---
24) Your organization has planned to implement Site Reliability Engineering (SRE) best practices. You are
tasked with configuring application-level monitoring and monitoring service-level objectives (SLOs) for
applications and trigger alerts when SLOs are violated. Which of the following products should you
choose for these tasks?

A. Error reporting
B. Cloud Logging
C. Cloud Monitoring
D. Cloud Trace
Correct Answer: C
Explanation
Cloud Monitoring helps to gain visibility into application and infrastructure performance, availability, and
health by:

eAutomatically collecting system metrics

eEnabling SRE best practices

*Creating custom dashboards

*Creating alerts in integration with incident management tools.

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0037.jpg ---
25) Your company's development team is building an application that will be deployed on Cloud Run.
You are designing a CI/CD pipeline so that any new version of the application can be deployed in the
fewest number of steps possible using the CI/CD pipeline you are designing. You need to select a
storage location for the images of the application after the Cl part of your pipeline has built them.
What should you do?

A. Create a Compute Engine image containing the application
B. Store the images in Container Registry

C. Store the images in Cloud Storage

D. Create a Compute Engine disk containing the application

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0038.jpg ---
26) You are a manager with an e-retail website. The company has opted for the Standard Support
customer care plan. The number of users has surged recently, and the company has realized the need
for responses to its Priority 1 (P1) cases in 1 hour while also maintaining control of cost. Which of the
following support plans would you suggest?

Basic
Standard
Enhanced
Premium

GVOMWP,F

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0039.jpg ---
27) Each of the three cloud service models - infrastructure as a service (laaS), platform as a service (PaaS),
and software as a service (SaaS) - offers benefits between flexibility and levels of management by the
cloud provider and the customer.

Why would Saa$ be the right choice of service model?

A. You want a balance between flexibility for the customer and the level
of management by the cloud provider

B. You want to minimize the level of management by the customer

C. You want to maximize flexibility for the customer.

D. You want to be able to shift your emphasis between flexibility and
management by the cloud provider as business needs change

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0041.jpg ---
28) Which of the following are benefits of Apigee? (Choose 3 answers)

A. The ability to predict API traffic patterns

The ability to make backend services visible

C. The ability to modernize legacy services via RESTful
interfaces

D. The ability to record and analyze business metrics

ad

Correct Answer: ACD

Explanation

Apigee allows the user to predict API traffic patterns through metrics that can be used to understand potential traffic
fluctuations and other information, modernize legacy services via RESTful interfaces by packaging legacy applications,
and as An API abstraction and modernization layer to insulate client-facing applications from shifting backend services.
Apigee is an abstraction layer between backend services and the user. It does not make the backend service layer
visible.

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0042.jpg ---
29) As your organization increases its release velocity, the VM-based application upgrades take a
long time to perform rolling updates due to OS boot times. You need to make the application
deployments faster.

What should your organization do?

A. Migrate your VMs to the cloud, and add more resources to
them

B. Convert your applications into containers

C. Increase the resources of your VMs

D. Automate your upgrade rollouts

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0044.jpg ---
30) Which of the following Google infrastructure security layers provides
denial-of-service (DoS) protection?

Operational Security
Internet Communication
Storage Services

User Identity

2.2: 02

Correct Answer: B

Explanation

There are 6 Google infrastructure security layers: Operational Security, Internet Communication, Storage Services, User
Identity, Service Deployment, and Hardware Infrastructure.

Google Front End and denial-of-service (DoS) protection are provided at the Internet Communication layer.

The Operational Security layer addresses Intrusion detection and reducing insider risk are some of the areas addressed at
Encryption at rest and deletion of data protection are provided at the Storage Services layer.

Authentication and login abuse protection are found at the User Identity layer.
https://cloud.google.com/security/infrastructure/design

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0045.jpg ---
31) Your organization uses Active Directory to authenticate users. Users’ Google account access
must be removed when their Active Directory account is terminated.
How should your organization meet this requirement?

A. Configure two-factor authentication in the Google domain

B. Remove the Google account from all IAM policies

C. Configure BeyondCorp and Identity-Aware Proxy in the Google domain
D. Configure single sign-on in the Google domain

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0046.jpg ---
32) You are a project manager for a global company that offers high-resolution documentary film editing
services. Your team of content editors in New York and London needs to collaborate on editing projects
that are located in Cloud Storage buckets. The maximum time to wait for a video's availability must be
within a target time of 15 minutes, with minimal loss exposure. Which of the following storage
configurations should you choose?

Single region

Dual-region

Multi-region with default replication
Dual-region with turbo replication

9SOD>

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0048.jpg ---
33) Your company has recently acquired three growing startups in three different countries. You want to
reduce overhead in infrastructure management and keep your costs low without sacrificing security and
quality of service to your customers.

How should you meet these requirements?

A. Host all your subsidiaries’ services on-premises together with
your existing services.

B. Host all your subsidiaries’ services together with your existing
services on the public cloud.

C. Build a homogenous infrastructure at each subsidiary, and
invest in training their engineers.

D. Build a homogenous infrastructure at each subsidiary, and
invest in hiring more engineers.

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0049.jpg ---
34) A startup is planning to adopt Google Cloud Services. As a first step, the company plans to
migrate its data to Google Cloud. Which of the following should the company use to migrate over 1
TB of data from a private data center to the cloud while adhering to a strict timeline of 1-2 days and
accommodating available bandwidth in order to meet the project deadline?

Storage Transfer Service
gsutil

Transfer appliance

Migrate for Anthos and GKE

9OMF

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0051.jpg ---
35) What is the difference between Standard and Coldline storage?

A. Coldline storage is for data for which a slow transfer rate is
acceptable.

B. Standard and Coldline storage have different durability
guarantees.

C. Standard and Coldline storage use different APIs.

D. Coldline storage is for infrequently accessed data.

Correct Answer: D

The categorization is based on how frequently data is accessed and hence
charged accordingly

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0052.jpg ---
36) A fitness application company is collecting the health data of its users is adding approximately 50 TBs
of data every month. The data is expected to grow to 200+ TB every year. Users are primarily concerned with
the last 30 days of data and will wait for data retrieval if data is older than 30 Days. The company decided
that they will now store the infrequently accessed data older than 30 days to minimize the cost, as this data
is typically accessed at max once per quarter or less. Which storage option would be best suited to store
infrequently accesses data?

Standard
Nearline
Coldline
Archive

DOM,

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0053.jpg ---
37) What would provide near-unlimited availability of computing resources without requiring your
organization to procure and provision new equipment?

A. Public cloud
B. Containers

C. Private cloud
D. Microservices

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0054.jpg ---
38) Which of the following defines a private cloud?

A. Acollection of resources that are not shared with the general
public

B. Acollection of virtual on-demand services that are offered to
the public

C. Acollection of resources that are shared between private and
public cloud users

D. Acollection of resources that are isolated on-premises for
use by an organization

Correct Answer: A

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0055.jpg ---
39) You are a program manager for a team of developers who are building an event-driven application to allow
users to follow one another's activities in the app. Each time a user adds himself as a follower of another user, a
write occurs in the real-time database.

The developers will develop a lightweight piece of code that can respond to database writes and generate a
notification to let the appropriate users know that they have gained new followers. The code should integrate with
other cloud services such as Pub/Sub, Firebase, and Cloud APIs to streamline the orchestration process. The
application requires a platform that automatically manages underlying infrastructure and scales to zero when
there is no activity.

Which primary compute resource should your developers select, given these requirements?

A. Google Kubernetes Engine

B. Cloud Functions

C. App Engine flexible environment
D. Compute Engine

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0057.jpg ---
40) To optimize the company’s Google Cloud spend, the management committee team wants an at-a-glance
waterfall overview of their monthly costs and savings. Which of the following should you use to provide this
information to the management team?

Cost Breakdown reports
Budget notifications
Cost Table reports
Pricing table reports

TODS

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0059.jpg ---
41) Your organization is developing an application that will capture a large amount of data from millions of
different sensor devices spread all around the world. Your organization needs a database that is suitable for
worldwide, high-speed data storage of a large amount of unstructured data.

Which Google Cloud product should your organization choose?

A. Firestore

B. Cloud Data Fusion
C. Cloud SQL

D. Cloud Bigtable

Correct Answer: D

Cloud Bigtable
Benefits
Key features
Customers
What's new

Documentation

Use cases

Finanrial analveis

https://shapingpixel.com

Cloud Bigtable

A fully managed, scalable NoSQL database service for large
analytical and operational workloads with up to 99.999%
availability.

Try Google Cloud free Contact sales

Y Consistent sub-10ms latency—handle millions of requests per
second

Ideal for use cases such as personalization, ad tech, fintech,
digital media, and loT


--- frame_0060.jpg ---
42) Your client is a global packaging and printing company. They want to migrate to a fully managed Google Cloud
storage solution with the following capabilities:

¢ Web content management

¢ File sharing

¢ Media processing and rendering

¢ Data analysis.

Which solution should the company use?

Archive Storage
Filestore
Persistent Disk
Local SSD

SOD,

Correct Answer: B

Explanation

Filestore enables application migration to the cloud without requiring you to rewrite or rearchitect, thus accelerating
and simplifying your migration. Filestore is a fully managed service suitable for Web content management, file
sharing, rendering and processing media, and performing data analytics.

https://cloud.google.com/products/storage

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0061.jpg ---
43) Your organization needs to build streaming data pipelines. You don't want to manage the individual
servers that do the data processing in the pipelines. Instead, you want a managed service that will
automatically scale with the amount of data to be processed.

Which Google Cloud product or feature should your organization choose?

Correct Answer: B

C. Data Catalog
D. Dataprep by Trifacta

Deploying a pipeline a send feedback

¥& This document explains in detail how Dataflow deploys and runs a pipeline, and covers
advanced topics like optimization and load balancing. If you are looking for a step-by-step
guide on how to create and deploy your first pipeline, use Dataflow's quickstarts for Java,
Python or templates.

After you construct and test your Apache Beam pipeline, you can use the Dataflow managed service
to deploy and execute it. Once on the Dataflow service, your pipeline code becomes a Dataflow job.

The Dataflow service fully manages Google Cloud services such as Compute Engine and Cloud
Storage to run your Dataflow job, automatically spinning up and tearing down the necessary
resources. The Dataflow service provides visibility into your job through tools like the Dataflow

monitoring (nterfog and the Dataflow command-line interface.
ittps://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0062.jpg ---
44) Which of the following occurs when an organization adopts cloud technology to create and define new
ways of communicating and collaborating for its customers, employees, and stakeholders?

A reduced need for security

The burning platform effect
Virtualization of all business operations
Organizational transformation

SOS

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0064.jpg ---
45) Your organization is building an application running in Google Cloud. Currently, software builds,
tests, and regular deployments are done manually, but you want to reduce work for the team. Your
organization wants to use Google Cloud managed solutions to automate your build, testing, and
deployment process.

Which Google Cloud product or feature should your organization use?

A. Cloud Scheduler

B. Cloud Code

C. Cloud Build

D. Cloud Deployment Manager

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0065.jpg ---
46) Which of the following is a major cost-benefit of adopting cloud-native

architecture?

So & fo

Managed services with high operational savings

Managed open source or open source-compatible services
Continuous Integration/Continuous Delivery

Monitoring and automated recovery

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0066.jpg ---
47) Which Google Cloud product can report on and maintain compliance on
your entire Google Cloud organization to cover multiple projects?

A. Cloud Logging

B. Identity and Access Management
C. Google Cloud Armor

D. Security Command Center

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0068.jpg ---
48) An organization using Google Cloud wants to hierarchically organize and group resources, as well
as manage access control and configuration settings for container resources. Which Google product
or service should the organization use?

Eventarc

Artifact Registry
Container Registry
Resource Manager API

9OUWP>r

Correct Answer: D

Explanation
The Resource Manager API service helps Google Cloud customers programmatically manage the container
resources by creating, reading, and updating metadata for Google Cloud Platform resource containers.

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0069.jpg ---
49) Your organization needs to establish private network connectivity between its on-premises network
and its workloads running in Google Cloud. You need to be able to set up the connection as soon as
possible.

Which Google Cloud product or feature should you use?

A. Cloud Interconnect
B. Direct Peering

C. Cloud VPN

D. Cloud CDN

Correct Answer: C

Cloud VPN setup can be done instantly and though it travels over
internet, it is private in nature. Cloud interconnect needs
physically dedicated connection.

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0070.jpg ---
50) A credit card company has moved its applications to Google Cloud. Its customer data is stored across
Cloud Storage, Datastore, and BigQuery and is used by applications and employees across the firm. Which
Google Cloud solution should you use for the detection and classification of the stored sensitive data?

Cloud Armor

Cloud Data Loss Prevention
Risk Manager

Security Command Center

SOD>

Correct Answer: B

Explanation

The Cloud Data Loss Prevention service enables the discovery, detection, and classification of stored sensitive
data. With Cloud Data Loss Prevention, you can create dashboards and audit reports, and automate tagging,
remediation, or policy based on findings. Connect DLP results into Security Command Center, Data Catalog, or
export to your own SIEM or governance tool for further analysis.

https://cloud.google.com/dlp

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0071.jpg ---
51) Your organization is developing a mobile app and wants to select a fully
featured cloud-based compute platform for it.

Which Google Cloud product or feature should your organization use?

A. Google Kubernetes Engine
B. Firebase

C. Cloud Functions

D. App Engine

Correct Answer: B

Firebase is Google's mobile development platform

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0072.jpg ---
52) Your organization is developing a global multi-player game and requires a database that can consistently capture
player statistics. The most critical requirement of the database is that it can serve information for game leaderboards
and return consistent rankings at any given time across game players all over the world. The game is rapidly
developing a following with almost unlimited growth in the number of players. Which Google Cloud product should
the organization choose?

Firestore
Cloud Spanner
Cloud SQL
Bare Metal

SOS

Correct Answer: B

Explanation

Cloud Spanner is a fully managed relational database with unlimited horizontal scalability, strong consistency, and up to
99.999% availability. Because it is both global and unlimited in scale, it is the most appropriate choice in this scenario. It is
highly available with zero scheduled downtime and online schema changes. It allows developers to focus on innovating
gaming functions because it eliminates manual tasks with capabilities like automatic sharding that are a feature of Cloud
SQL. Spanner provides a globally consistent database that can keep inventory or match history, such as the player
information provided in gaming leaderboards, for massive player populations anywhere in the world.
https://cloud.google.com/products

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0073.jpg ---
53) Your company has been using a shared facility for data storage and will be migrating to Google
Cloud. One of the internal applications uses Linux custom images that need to be migrated.
Which Google Cloud product should you use to maintain the custom images?

A. App Engine flexible environment
B. Compute Engine

C. App Engine standard environment
D. Google Kubernetes Engine

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0074.jpg ---
54) A news media giant with over 200 publications plans to build a scalable, secure, and serverless
document database with a powerful query engine that can be added with mobile and web apps. Which
Google Cloud product or service should the organization use?

A. Memorystore
B. Cloud BigTable
C. Cloud SQL
D. Firestore

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0076.jpg ---
55) Your organization wants to migrate its data management solutions to Google Cloud because it needs
to dynamically scale up or down and to run transactional

SQL queries against historical data at scale. Which Google Cloud product or service should your
organization use?

A. BigQuery
B. Cloud Bigtable
C. Pub/Sub
D. Cloud Spanner

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0077.jpg ---
56) Which of the following are always the responsibility of customers using the public cloud? (Choose 2
answers)

Web Client protection
Data protection
Network Controls
Patch Management

9OD YS

Correct Answer: AB

Explanation

The security of the client that is being used by the customers (on Mobile devices, PC, etc.) to access the web content is

the customer's responsibility.

Management, classification, and compliance obligation adherence are the customer's responsibility.

Configuring, managing, and securing Network controls are shared responsibilities in laaS and PaaS models; however, the
cloud provider is responsible primarily for network controls in the SaaS model.

Patch Management is a shared responsibility in laaS and PaaS. The cloud provider manages patches in the SaaS model.

https://services.google.com/fh/files/misc/gcp_pci_srm__apr_2019.pdf

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0078.jpg ---
57) Your organization needs to categorize objects in a large group of static images using machine
learning. Which Google Cloud product or service should your organization use?

A. BigQuery ML

B. AutoML Video Intelligence
C. Cloud Vision API

D. AutoML Tables

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0079.jpg ---
58) A DevOps team is responsible for maintaining and analyzing system and application logs for an
application running across several instances on Google Cloud Platform. What steps should the team take
to ensure the integrity of the logs generated on these instances? (Choose 2 answers)

vad

Implement log versioning on log buckets in Cloud Storage.
Copy the logs to another project with a different owner.
Set the logging level to only collect log output for critical
messages.

Export all log files to BigQuery.

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0081.jpg ---
59) Which Google Cloud product is designed to reduce the risks of handling
personally identifiable information (PII)?

Correct Answer: C

A. Cloud Storage

B. Google Cloud Armor

C. Cloud Data Loss Prevention
D. Secret Manager

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0082.jpg ---
60) Your client has multiple ongoing projects and to remove conflicts has asked you to devise a way to
segregate service-level resources, such as the compute, storage, and networking resources being used by
various projects. Which of the following should you use?

Folders
Projects
Labels
Tags

FTO YS

Correct Answer: B

Explanation

Projects constitute service-level resources such as compute, storage, and networking resources.

Folders are used for projects rather than service-level resources.

Labels are used to annotate resources constituting projects and are the best choice for granular level cost tracking.
A tag is a string of characters added to a resource tags field. Tags cannot be created separately and are not separate
resources.

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0083.jpg ---
61) Your organization is migrating to Google Cloud. As part of that effort, it needs to move terabytes of
data from on-premises file servers to Cloud Storage. Your organization wants the migration process to be
automated and to be managed by Google. Your organization has an existing Dedicated Interconnect
connection that it wants to use. Which Google Cloud product or feature should your organization use?

A. Storage Transfer Service

B. Migrate for Anthos

C. BigQuery Data Transfer Service
D. Transfer Appliance

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0084.jpg ---
62) Your organization is looking for network connectivity with Google Cloud between its on-premises
network and Google Cloud. The network connectivity must allow encrypted traffic to the Google Cloud
and have higher throughput. Which of the following networking solutions should you choose?

SO DP

Cloud VPN

Cloud Interconnect
Cloud Router
Traffic Director

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0085.jpg ---
63) Your organization needs to analyze data in order to gather insights into its daily operations. You only
want to pay for the data you store and the queries you perform. Which Google Cloud product should your
organization choose for its data analytics warehouse?

A. Cloud SQL

B. Dataproc

C. Cloud Spanner
D. BigQuery

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0086.jpg ---
64) You are managing the development of a new application. You need a solution that will meet the following
requirements: The developers should focus on writing code. Deployments should be zero-configuration. The
developers should not manage infrastructure. The service should be scalable and accommodate surges in
traffic without provisioning, patching, or monitoring. Applications should be safe from security threats. Which
Google Cloud solution should you use?

App Engine
Cloud Functions
Confidential VMs
Eventarc

Ge

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0088.jpg ---
66) A team of Cloud Engineers is working on developing and deploying a containerized application that will
process and serve a large amount of image data in cloud storage. The data must be invocable via requests
or events. Which Google Cloud compute service should the team use so that there are no infrastructure
management problems?

Cloud Build
Cloud Code
Cloud Run
Cloud Deploy

SOS

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0090.jpg ---
68) Which of the following scenarios is not suitable for a Content Delivery Network
(CDN)? (Choose 2 answers)

A.

B.

A website for a small construction company located in the
United States

A global retail company with customers in Europe and the
Americas

A family history website with only a few visitors annually
A global media website that provides news in multiple
languages

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0092.jpg ---
69) Which Google Cloud product provides a consistent platform for multi-cloud application
deployments and extends other Google Cloud services to your organization's environment?

A. Google Kubernetes Engine
B. Virtual Public Cloud

C. Compute Engine

D. Anthos

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0093.jpg ---
70) Your company's website enables users to upload images and input text to create memes of their
choice. Lately, you have observed some suspicious traffic and want to protect your website from spam,
specifically from bots using the website. Which of the following Google Cloud solutions should you use to
protect your website from bots and ensure that it is being accessed only by human users?

reCAPTCHA Enterprise
Policy Troubleshooter
Web Risk

Cloud Identity

GVOWPF

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0094.jpg ---
71) Your organization wants an economical solution to store data such as files, graphical images, and
videos and to access and share them securely.

Which Google Cloud product or service should your organization use?

A. Cloud Storage
B. Cloud SQL

C. Cloud Spanner
D. BigQuery

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0095.jpg ---
72) A multinational food delivery startup has moved its applications to the cloud. The Head of AppDev
wants to introduce a new service that analyses customer preferences based on previous orders and
suggests to them what to order. Which cloud computing model would help developers create the
service while freeing them of infrastructure and management tasks?

Serverless computing

loT

High-performance computing
Edge Computing

GVOMWPF

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0096.jpg ---
73) Your organization wants to predict the behavior of visitors to its public website. To do that, you have decided
to build a machine learning model. Your team has database-related skills but only basic machine learning skills,
and would like to use those database skills.

Which Google Cloud product or feature should your organization choose?

A. BigQuery ML
B. LookML

C. TensorFlow
D. Cloud SQL

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0097.jpg ---
74) Which of the following cloud computing concepts refers to increasing or decreasing compute
resources based on demand?

Elasticity

Fault tolerance

Load balancing

High availability

SOM>

Correct Answer: A

Explanation

Elasticity is the degree to which a system is able to adapt to workload changes by provisioning and de-provisioning
resources in an automated manner, such that at each point in time the available resources match the current demand as
closely as possible.

Fault tolerance refers to the ability of an application to keep running even if some of its components fail.

Load balancing is a core networking solution used to distribute traffic across multiple servers in a server farm. Load
balancers improve application availability and responsiveness and prevent server overload.

High availability is similar to fault tolerance. It refers to the ability of an application to keep running for an agreed-upon
percentage of time, such as 99.99% of the time.

https://cloud.google.com/architecture/scalable-and-resilient-apps

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0098.jpg ---
75) Your organization is moving an application to Google Cloud. As part of that effort, it needs to migrate the
application's working database from another cloud provider to Cloud SQL. The database runs on the MySQL
engine. The migration must cause minimal disruption to users. Data must be secured while in transit.

Which should your organization use?

A. BigQuery Data Transfer Service
B. MySQL batch insert

C. Database Migration Service

D. Cloud Composer

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0100.jpg ---
76) Your organization is developing and deploying an application on Google Cloud. Tracking your Google
Cloud spending needs to stay as simple as possible.

What should you do to ensure that workloads in the development environment are fully isolated from
production workloads?

A. Apply a unique tag to development resources

B. Associate the development resources with their own network
C. Associate the development resources with their own billing
account

D. Put the development resources in their own project

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0101.jpg ---
77) Your company is running the majority of its workloads in a co-located data center. The workloads are
running on virtual machines (VMs) on top of a hypervisor and use either Linux or Windows server editions.
As part of your company's transformation strategy, you need to modernize workloads as much as possible
by adopting cloud-native technologies. You need to migrate the workloads into Google Cloud.

What should you do?

A. Export the VMs into VMDK format, and import them into
Compute Engine

B. Export the VMs into VMDK format, and import them into
Google Cloud VMware Engine

C. Migrate the workloads using Migrate for Compute Engine
D. Migrate the workloads using Migrate for Anthos

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0102.jpg ---
78) Your organization is running all its workloads in a private cloud on top of a hypervisor. Your
organization has decided it wants to move to Google Cloud as quickly as possible. Your organization
wants minimal changes to the current environment, while using the maximum amount of managed
services Google offers.

What should your organization do?

A. Migrate the workloads to Google Cloud VMware Engine
B. Migrate the workloads to Compute Engine

C. Migrate the workloads to Bare Metal Solution

D. Migrate the workloads to Google Kubernetes Engine

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0103.jpg ---
79) Your organization is releasing its first publicly available application in Google Cloud. The
application is critical to your business and customers and requires a 2- hour SLA.
How should your organization set up support to minimize costs?

A. Enroll in Premium Support
B. Enroll in Enhanced Support
C. Enroll in Standard Support
D. Enroll in Basic Support

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0104.jpg ---
80) Your organization offers public mobile apps and websites. You want to migrate to a Google Cloud-based
solution for checking and maintaining your users' usernames and passwords and controlling their access to
different resources based on their identity.

Which should your organization choose?

A. VPN tunnels

B. Identity Platform

C. Compute Engine firewall rules
D. Private Google Access

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0105.jpg ---
81) Which Google Cloud service or feature lets you build machine learning models using Standard SQL
and data in a data warehouse?

A. BigQuery ML

B. TensorFlow

C. AutoML Tables

D. Cloud Bigtable ML

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0106.jpg ---
82) Your organization runs an application on virtual machines in Google Cloud. This application processes
incoming images. This activity takes hours to create a result for each image. The workload for this application
normally stays at a certain baseline level, but at regular intervals it spikes to a much greater workload.

Your organization needs to control the cost to run this application.

What should your organization do?

A. Purchase committed use discounts for the baseline load

B. Purchase committed use discounts for the expected spike load
C. Leverage sustained use discounts for your virtual machines

D. Run the workload on preemptible VM instances

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0107.jpg ---
83) Your organization is developing a plan for migrating to Google Cloud.
What is a best practice when initially configuring your Google Cloud environment?

A. Create a project via Google Cloud Console per department in your
company

B. Define your resource hierarchy with an organization node on top
C. Create projects based on team members’ requests

D. Make every member of your company the project owner

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0108.jpg ---
84) Your organization runs many workloads in different Google Cloud projects, each linked to the same
billing account. Each project's workload costs can vary from month to month, but the overall combined cost
of all projects is relatively stable. Your organization needs to optimize its cost.

What should your organization do?

A. Purchase a commitment per project for each project's usual minimum

B. Create a billing account per project, and link each project to a different
billing account

C. Turn on committed use discount sharing, and create a commitment for the
combined usage

D. Move all workloads from all different projects into one single consolidated
project

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0109.jpg ---
85) How should a multinational organization that is migrating to Google Cloud consider
security and privacy regulations to ensure that it is in compliance with global standards?

A. Comply with data security and privacy regulations in each
geographical region

B. Comply with regional standards for data security and privacy,
because they supersede all international regulations

C. Comply with international standards for data security and
privacy, because they supersede all regional regulations

D. Comply with regional data security regulations, because
they're more complex than privacy standards

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0111.jpg ---
86) Your organization wants to optimize its use of Google Cloud's discounts on virtual machine-based
workloads. You plan to use 200 CPUs constantly for the next 3 years, and you forecast that spikes of
up to 300 CPUs will occur approximately 30% of the time. What should you choose?

A. 1-year committed use discount for 200 CPUs
B. 3-year committed use discount for 300 CPUs
C. 3-year committed use discount for 200 CPUs
D. Regular pay-as-you-go pricing

Correct Answer: C

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0112.jpg ---
88) Your organization wants to migrate your on-premises environment to Google Cloud. The on-
premises environment consists of containers and virtual machine instances. Which Google Cloud
products can help to migrate the container images and the virtual machine disks?

A. Compute Engine and Filestore

B. Artifact Registry and Cloud Storage
C. Dataflow and BigQuery

D. Pub/Sub and Cloud Storage

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0113.jpg ---
89) Your company security team manages access control to production systems using an LDAP
directory group.

How is this access control managed in the Google Cloud production project?

A. Assign the proper role to the Service Account in the project's [AM Policy

B. Grant each user the roles/iam.serviceAccountUser role on a service account that
exists in the Google Group.

C. Assign the proper role to the Google Group in the project's IAM Policy.

D. Create the project in a folder with the same name as the LDAP directory group.

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0114.jpg ---
90) Your organization wants to be sure that is expenditures on cloud services are in line with the
budget. Which two Google Cloud cost management features help your organization gain greater
visibility into its cloud resource costs? (Choose two.)

A. Billing dashboards

B. Resource labels

C. Sustained use discounts

D. Financial governance policies
E. Payments profile

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0115.jpg ---
91) Your organization needs to process large amounts of data from an online application that
operates continuously. You do not want to be required to provision infrastructure or create server
clusters. What should your organization choose?

A. Compute Engine with BigQuery

B. Dataproc

C. Google Kubernetes Engine with Cloud Bigtable
D. Dataflow

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0116.jpg ---
92) Your organization needs to ensure that the Google Cloud resources of each of your departments are
segregated from one another. Each department has several environments of its own: development, testing,
and production. Which strategy should your organization choose?

A. Create a project per department, and create a folder per
environment in each project.

B. Create a folder per department, and create a project per
environment in each folder.

C. Create a Cloud Identity domain per department, and create a
project per environment in each domain.

D. Create a Cloud Identity domain per environment, and create a
project per department in each domain.

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0117.jpg ---
93) Your organization is defining the resource hierarchy for its new application in Google Cloud. You need
separate development and production environments. The production environment will be deployed in
Compute Engine in two regions. Which structure should your organization choose?

A. Create a single project for all environments. Use labels to
segregate resources by environment.

B. Create a single project for all environments. Use tags to
segregate resources by environment.

C. Create one project for the development environment and one
project for the production environment.

D. Create two projects for the development environment and two
projects for the production environment (one for each region).

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0118.jpg ---
94) Your organization meant to purchase a 3-year Committed Use Discount, but accidentally purchased a 1-
year Committed Use Discount instead. What should your organization do?

A. Contact your financial institution.
B. Contact Trust and Safety.

C. Contact Cloud Billing Support.

D. Contact Technical Support.

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0119.jpg ---
95) Your organization needs to allow a production job to have access to a BigQuery dataset. The
production job is running on a Compute Engine instance that is part of an instance group.
What should be included in the IAM Policy on the BigQuery dataset?

A. The Compute Engine instance group

B. The project that owns the Compute Engine instance
C. The Compute Engine service account

D. The Compute Engine instance

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0121.jpg ---
96) How do Migrate for Compute Engine and Migrate for Anthos differ?

A. Unlike Migrate for Anthos, Migrate for Compute Engine
assumes that the migration source is VMware vSphere.

B. Migrate for Compute Engine charges for ingress, but Migrate
for Anthos does not.

C. Migrate for Compute Engine is closed source, and Migrate for
Anthos is open source.

D. Migrate for Anthos migrates to containers, and Migrate for
Compute Engine migrates to virtual machines.

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0122.jpg ---
97) Your large and frequently changing organization's user information is stored in an on-premises LDAP
database. The database includes user passwords and group and organization membership.
How should your organization provision Google accounts and groups to access Google Cloud resources?

A. Replicate the LDAP infrastructure on Compute Engine

B. Use the Firebase Authentication REST API to create users
C. Use Google Cloud Directory Sync to create users

D. Use the Identity Platform REST API to create users

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0123.jpg ---
98) An organization is planning its cloud expenditure.
What should the organization do to control costs?

A. Consider cloud resource costs as capital expenditure in annual
planning.

B. Use only cloud resources; they have no cloud infrastructure
costs.

C. Review cloud resource costs frequently because costs depend
on usage.

D. Assess cloud resources costs only when SLO is not met by
their cloud provider.

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0124.jpg ---
99) An organization is using machine learning to make predictions. One of their datasets mistakenly
includes mislabeled data.
How will the prediction be impacted?

A. Increased risk of privacy leaks
B. Increased risk of inaccuracy

C. Decreased model compatibility
D. Decreased model training time

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0125.jpg ---
100) A global organization is developing an application to manage payments and online bank accounts in
multiple regions. Each transaction must be handled consistently in their database, and they anticipate
almost unlimited growth in the amount of data stored.

Which Google Cloud product should the organization choose?

A. Cloud SQL

B. Cloud Spanner
C. Cloud Storage
D. BigQuery

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0126.jpg ---
102) An organization wants to digitize and share large volumes of historical text and images.
Why is a public cloud a better option than an on-premises solution?

A. In-house hardware management
B. Provides physical encryption key
C. Cost-effective at scale

D. Optimizes capital expenditure

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0127.jpg ---
103) An organization wants to develop an application that can be personalized to user preferences
throughout the year.

Why should they build a cloud-native application instead of modernizing their existing on-premises
application?

A. Developers can rely on the cloud provider for all source code
B. Developers can launch new features in an agile way

C. IT managers can migrate existing application architecture
without needing updates

D. IT managers can accelerate capital expenditure planning

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0128.jpg ---
104) Which technology allows organizations to run multiple computer operating systems on a single
piece of physical hardware?

A. Hypervisor

B. Containers

C. Serverless computing
D. Open source

Correct Answer: A

A hypervisor abstracts the underlying hardware from the host’s operating system and apps and is the
core technology behind virtualization. A hypervisor allows a physical server to operate multiple VMs as
guests run alongside each other. Each VM can run a different OS.

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0129.jpg ---
105) An organization is making a strategic change to customer support in response to
feedback. They plan to extend their helpline availability hours.
Why is the organization making this change?

A. Users expect professional expertise
B. Users require personalization

C. Users expect always-on services

D. Users require regional access

Correct Answer: C

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0130.jpg ---
107) An organization wants to transform multiple types of structured and unstructured data in the cloud
from various sources. The data must be readily accessible for analysis and insights.
Which cloud data storage system should the organization use?

A. Relational database
B. Private data center
C. Data field

D. Data warehouse

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0131.jpg ---
108) An organization wants to use all available data to offer predictive suggestions on their website that
improve over time.

Which method should the organization use?

A. Data automation
B. Trends analysis

C. Machine learning
D. Multiple regression

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0132.jpg ---
109) Google's Enterprise Support offers you

9

(Choose the most complete answer.)

. more predictable rates and more flexible configuration than

Role-Based Support

the fastest response times and opportunities to work directly
with a dedicated TAM contact

the fastest response times

the ability to work directly with a dedicated TAM contact

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0134.jpg ---
111) Which of the following statements about GCP Database Migration Service and Datastream is false?

A. Datastream is low latency and won't bog down your source database.

B. Database Migration Service has integrations with services such as BigQuery, Cloud
Spanner, Dataflow, and Data Fusion.

C. With Database Migration Service, if you are migrating to a serverless option like
Cloud SQL, then you don’t have to worry about over- or under-provisioning.

D. With Database Migration Service, you can start the process with just a few clicks and
then enjoy continuous data replication from source to destination.

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0137.jpg ---
112) Which of the following statements about GCP tools/services is false?

A. You can find the latest ISO/IEC certificates, SOC reports, and self-
assessments in the Container Registry.

B. Container Registry is tightly integrated with all of Google’s container
services.

C. The resources found in the Compliance Reports Manager tool can be
used to aid your own company’s reporting and compliance efforts.

D. All of the GCP services receive independent verification for security,
privacy, and compliance.

Correct Answer: A

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0138.jpg ---
113) Which of the following is not a level of organizational GCP support?

GVOWP,r

Ultra
Basic
Standard
Premium

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0139.jpg ---
114) If you need to migrate data in Oracle to a new type of database in GCP, then ____ might be a
better choice than Database Migration Service.

Datastream
Data Fusion
Cloud Spanner
Dataflow

VOD

Correct Answer: A

Google built the Database Migration Service to make migrations as painless as possible. Now if you need
to do something more complicated than a basic mySQL "lift and shift," like migrating to a new type of
database, then Datastream might be a better choice. So if you are trying to migrate something like an
Oracle database to the cloud, you should check Datastream out.

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0140.jpg ---
115) A____ is a custom-designed ASIC (or application-specific integrated circuit) that is used
for ML workloads.

datastream

cloud TPU

cloud GPU
container registry

2 OO

Correct Answer: B

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0141.jpg ---
116) Which GCP tool offers an easy, centralized location to store and manage all your Docker
container images?

Compliance Reports Manager
Container Registry

Database Migration Service
Cloud TPU

GTOWP,F

Correct Answer: B

Container Registry offers an easy, centralized location to store and manage all your Docker container
images.

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0142.jpg ---
118) Which of the following statements about GCP Container Registry is false?

A. It gives you partial control over who can access, view, or
download images.

B. It allows you to access your images quickly and reliably.

C. It allows you to flag outdated or compromised images and
prevent them from being deployed in the future.

D. It helps increase the security of your images.

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0143.jpg ---
119) Your organization is developing an application that will manage payments and online bank accounts
located around the world. The most critical requirement for your database is that each transaction is
handled consistently. Your organization anticipates almost unlimited growth in the amount of data stored.
Which Google Cloud product should your organization choose?

A. Cloud SQL

B. Cloud Storage
C. Firestore

D. Cloud Spanner

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0144.jpg ---
120) An organization is searching for an open-source machine learning platform to build and deploy their own
custom machine learning applications using TPUs.
Which Google Cloud product or service should the organization use?

A. TensorFlow

B. BigQuery ML
C. Vision API

D. AutoML Vision

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0145.jpg ---
121) An organization operates their entire IT infrastructure from Google Cloud.
What should they do to prepare for data breaches?

A. Reduce reliance on multi-factor authentication

B. Data security is Google's responsibility, so preparation is minimal
C. Create an incident plan to mitigate impacts

D. Strengthen their data center perimeter security

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0146.jpg ---
122) An organization wants to migrate legacy applications currently hosted in their data center to the cloud. The
current architecture dictates that each application needs its own operating system (OS) instead of sharing an OS.
Which infrastructure solution should they choose?

A. Virtual machines

B. Open source

C. Serverless computing
D. Containers

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0147.jpg ---
124) An organization is training a machine learning model to predict extreme weather events in their country.
How should they collect data to maximize prediction accuracy?

A. Collect all weather data evenly across all cities

B. Collect all weather data primarily from at-risk cities

C. Collect extreme weather data evenly across all cities

D. Collect extreme weather data primarily from at-risk cities

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0148.jpg ---
124) An organization needs to search an application's source code to identify a potential issue. The
application is distributed across multiple containers.
Which Google Cloud product should the organization use?

A. Google Cloud Console
B. Cloud Trace

C. Cloud Monitoring

D. Cloud Logging

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0149.jpg ---
125) An organization's web developers and operations personnel use different systems.
How will increasing communication between the teams reduce issues caused by silos?

A. By assigning blame for failures and establishing
consequences

B. By combining job role responsibilities to ensure that everyone
has shared access

C. By increasing data encryption to strengthen workflows

D. By emphasizing shared ownership of business outcomes

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0150.jpg ---
126) An organization is migrating their business applications from on-premises to the cloud.
How could this impact their operations and personnel costs?

A. Reduced on-premises infrastructure management costs
B. Increased on-premises hardware maintenance costs

C. Reduced cloud software licensing costs

D. Increased cloud hardware management costs

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0151.jpg ---
127) A retail company stores their product inventory in a legacy system. Often, customers find products on the
company's website and want to purchase them in-store.

However, when they arrive, they discover that the products are out of stock.
How could the company benefit from using an application programming interface (API)?

A. To create personalized product recommendations for customers

B. To optimize their on-premises legacy system stability

C. By manually linking each inventory system to the website on a case-by-case basis
D. By programmatically connecting the inventory system to their website

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0152.jpg ---
128) A hotel wants to modernize their legacy systems so that customers can make reservations through a mobile app.
What's the benefit of using an application programming interface (API) to do this?

A. They do not have to develop the end-user application
B. They can deprecate their legacy systems

C. They can transform their systems to be cloud-native
D. They do not have to rewrite the legacy system

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0153.jpg ---
129) An organization has servers running mission-critical workloads on-premises around the world. They want to
modernize their infrastructure with a multi-cloud architecture.
What benefit could the organization experience?

A. Ability to disable regional network connectivity during cyber attacks
B. Ability to keep backups of their data on-premises in case of failure
C. Full management access to their regional infrastructure

D. Reduced likelihood of system failure during high demand events

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0154.jpg ---
130) An organization needs to run frequent updates for their business app.
Why should the organization use Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE)?

A. Customer expectations can be adjusted without using marketing tools

B. Seamless changes can be made without causing any application downtime.
C. GKE handles version control seamlessly and out of the box

D. GKE is well suited for all monolithic applications

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0155.jpg ---
131) An organization wants to use Apigee to manage all their application programming interfaces (APIs).
What will Apigee enable the organization to do?

A. Increase application privacy

B. Measure and track API performance

C. Analyze application development speed
D. Market and sell APIs

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0156.jpg ---
132) What is an example of unstructured data that organizations can capture from social media?

A. Post comments
B. Tagging

C. Profile picture
D. Location

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0157.jpg ---
133) An organization relies on online seasonal sales for the majority of their annual revenue.
Why should the organization use App Engine for their customer app?

A. Automatically adjusts physical inventory in real time
B. Autoscales during peaks in demand

C. Runs maintenance during seasonal sales

D. Recommends the right products to customers

Correct Answer: B

App Engine is a platform-as-a-service (PaaS) that allows an organization to deploy and scale their web
applications automatically. It can automatically adjust the number of resources (such as servers)
allocated to an application based on the amount of traffic it receives.

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0158.jpg ---
134) Your organization recently migrated its compute workloads to Google Cloud. You want these workloads in Google
Cloud to privately and securely access your large volume of on-premises data, and you also want to minimize latency.
What should your organization do?

A. Use Storage Transfer Service to securely make your data available to Google Cloud
B. Create a VPC between your on-premises data center and your Google resources

C. Peer your on-premises data center to Google's Edge Network

D. Use Transfer Appliance to securely make your data available to Google Cloud

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0160.jpg ---
135) Your organization consists of many teams. Each team has many Google Cloud projects. Your organization
wants to simplify the management of identity and access policies for these projects.
How can you group these projects to meet this goal?

A. Group each team's projects into a separate domain

B. Assign labels based on the virtual machines that are part of
each team's projects

C. Use folders to group each team’s projects

D. Group each team's projects into a separate organization node

Correct Answer: C

Folders are nodes in the Cloud Platform Resource Hierarchy. A folder can contain projects, other folders, or a
combination of both. Organizations can use folders to group projects under the organization node in a hierarchy. For
example, your organization might contain multiple departments, each with its own set of Google Cloud resources.
Folders allow you to group these resources on a per-department basis. Folders are used to group resources that
share common IAM policies. While a folder can contain multiple folders or resources, a given folder or resource can
have exactly one parent.

https://cloud.google.com/resource-manager/docs/creating-managing-folders

so ShapingPixel


--- frame_0161.jpg ---
137) An organization needs to categorize text-based customer reviews on their website using a pre-trained
machine learning model.
Which Google Cloud product or service should the organization use?

A. Cloud Natural Language API
B. Dialogflow

C. Recommendations Al

D. TensorFlow

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0162.jpg ---
137) Your team is publishing research results and needs to make large amounts of data available to other
researchers within the professional community and the public at minimum cost.
How should you host the data?

A. Use a Cloud Storage bucket and enable ‘Requester Pays’.

B. Use a Cloud Storage bucket and provide Signed URLs for the data files.

C. Use a Cloud Storage bucket and set up a Cloud Interconnect connection to allow access to the data.
D. Host the data on-premises, and set up a Cloud Interconnect connection to allow access to the data.

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0163.jpg ---
138) Your company needs to segment Google Cloud resources used by each team from the others. The teams’
efforts are changing frequently, and you need to reduce operational risk and maintain cost visibility. Which approach
does Google recommend?

A. One project per team.

B. One organization per team.

C. One project that contains all of each team's resources.
D. One top-level folder per team

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0164.jpg ---
139) Your organization needs to restrict access to a Cloud Storage bucket. Only employees who are based in Canada
should be allowed to view the contents.

What is the most effective and efficient way to satisfy this requirement?

A. Deploy the Cloud Storage bucket to a Google Cloud region in Canada

B. Configure Google Cloud Armor to allow access to the bucket only from IP addresses
based in Canada

C. Give each employee who is based in Canada access to the bucket

D. Create a group consisting of all Canada-based employees, and give the group access
to the bucket

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0165.jpg ---
140) Your organization runs all its workloads on Compute Engine virtual machine instances. Your organization has a
security requirement: the virtual machines are not allowed to access the public internet. The workloads running on
those virtual machines need to access BigQuery and Cloud Storage, using their publicly accessible interfaces, without
violating the security requirement.

Which Google Cloud product or feature should your organization use?

A. Identity-Aware Proxy

B. Cloud NAT (network address translation)
C. VPC internal load balancers

D. Private Google Access

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0166.jpg ---
141) You are managing a project for a large healthcare provider with 100+ clinics and hospitals across the European Union. Your
client plans to develop an OCR application to digitize overall clinical records, including X-Rays and patients’ health records.

As part of the solution, it is decided that:

Image files will be uploaded.

Text will be extracted from the image.

The extracted text will be translated into English.

¢The final ready text will be stored for further use.

The client does not want any overhead and has asked you to use a Google Cloud product that can offer pre-trained machine
learning models through REST APIs.

Which Google Cloud solution would you suggest?

AutoML Vision

Vision API

Cloud Natural Language API
Vertex Al Vizier

SOD}

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0168.jpg ---
142) An organization requires a fully managed, scalable queuing service that will help manage the execution, dispatch, and
delivery of multiple distributed tasks. Which Google Cloud solution should the organization use?

Cloud Scheduler
Cloud Tasks

Service Infrastructure
Workflows

9OMY

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0169.jpg ---
143) How does Google Cloud suggest that organizations use third-party identity providers to enable users access to Google
Cloud with their corporate credentials?

GVOMWP,F

By delegating responsibility to service accounts and groups
By implementing the principle of least privilege

By federating third-party identity providers with Google Cloud
By migrating unmanaged accounts to personal accounts

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0171.jpg ---
144) You work for an e-commerce website and want to use a product that can predict users’ purchasing behavior and
suggest products based on that behavior.
Which of the following Google Cloud Al solutions would you recommend?

Vertex Al Matching Engine
Vertex Al

Vertex Explainable Al
Vertex Al Workbench

GVOMWP,F

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0172.jpg ---
145) You are a Chief Technology Officer helping your organization to modernize its IT infrastructure by adopting Google's
public cloud services. Which of the following is an advantage of the Infrastructure-as-a-Service model that you should
consider when choosing a solution?

Correct Answer: C

9OUWP>r

Web application security is managed by Google.

IT costs change from operational to capital expenditures.
Google assumes responsibility for server maintenance.

Data storage and encryption become the responsibility of the
organization.

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0173.jpg ---
147) You are leading a team of developers on a project whose goal is to improve customer experience on a credit card
company's website.

The solution requires custom code without the overhead of managing operating systems or infrastructure.

Which of the following cloud offerings would you suggest to your client?

A. Infrastructure as a Service (laaS)
B. Platform as a Service (PaaS)

C. On-premises infrastructure

D. Software as a Service (SaaS)

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0174.jpg ---
147) You are leading a team of developers on a project whose goal is to improve customer experience on a credit card

company's website.

The solution requires custom code without the overhead of managing operating systems or infrastructure.
Which of the following cloud offerings would you suggest to your client?

A.
B.
C
D

Correct Answer: B

Infrastructure as a Service (laaS)
Platform as a Service (PaaS)

. On-premises infrastructure
. Software as a Service (SaaS)

Like laaS models, for PaaS models, the service provider delivers and manages the backend infrastructure. However, PaaS
models provide all the software features and tools needed for application development. You still have to write the code
and manage your apps and data but do not have to worry about managing or maintaining the software development

platform.

PaaS examples: Cloud Run, App Engine.

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0175.jpg ---
148) You work for a ridesharing company that has recently moved to Google Cloud. Jack, the senior manager of the corporate
accounting group is worried about the bill and wants to track actual Google Cloud spend against planned spend. Jack also
wants to receive alerts via email when certain budget expenditures are reached.

Which of the following actions should Jack take to meet these requirements?

Create Cloud Billing Budgets, set a budget amount, and set budget alert threshold rules
Use Cloud Billing Reports with Google Data Studio

Use Cloud Billing data export to BigQuery functionality with Google Data Studio

Create a Cloud Billing account, set a budget amount, and set budget alert threshold rules

GVOMWPF

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0177.jpg ---
149) Which of the following is a use of Big Table?

A. SQL support for an online transaction processing system
B.
¢
D

Interactive querying in an online analytical processing system

. Real-time data sync between users
. NoSQL database operations for large analytical and operational workloads

Correct Answer: D

BigTable is most suitable for NoSQL database operations for large analytical and operational workloads.
Cloud Spanner or Cloud SQL provides support for an online transaction processing system.

BigQuery is most apt for Interactive querying in an online analytical processing system.

Firebase Realtime Database is suitable for syncing data between users in real-time.

https://cloud.google.com/bigtable

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0178.jpg ---
150) A wearable startup collecting the health data of its users is adding approximately 50 TBs of data every month. The data is
expected to grow to 200+ TB every year.

It is observed that the users are primarily concerned with the last 30 days of data and are ready to wait for data retrieval if data
is older than 30 Days.

The company has decided that they will now store infrequently accessed data that is older than 30 days to minimize the cost, as
this data is typically accessed no more than once per quarter.

To minimize manual intervention when moving data older than 30 days to Coldline storage from Standard storage, what should
the company do?

Configure object lifecycle management.

Write a code and schedule it using Cloud Scheduler.

Configure Cloud Scheduler to move data move based on required conditions.
Configure an Object Lifecycle Management job using Cloud Scheduler.

2. fo

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0180.jpg ---
151) Which areas are the sole responsibility of the customer for SaaS, PaaS, and laaS services? (Choose 2 answers)

Devices (Mobile and PCs)
Information and data

Physical network

Physical security of the data center

FSO,

Correct Answer: AB

The correct answer is Devices (Mobile and PCs) and Information and data.

The customer's responsibility is the security of the client device that is being used by customers (mobile device, PC, etc.)
to access cloud applications.

Data protection is the responsibility of the customer, although the customer can use some cloud services to help protect
its data.

In the SaaS, PaaS, and laaS service models, the physical network is the responsibility of the CSP.

The physical security of the data center is handled by the CSP in the laaS model in the PaaS and SaaS models.

https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/training/modules/describe-security-concepts-methodologies/2-describe-shared-
responsibility-model

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0181.jpg ---
152) An organization is developing a business-critical application using Google App Engine. Which of the following should
the organization expect to do? (Choose 2 answers)

Establish Role-based access policies
Encrypt data at rest

Monitor application security
Maintain network security

9OMPLY

Correct Answer: AC

Google App Engine is a fully managed Platform as a Service (PaaS) that lets users focus on code while App Engine
manages infrastructure concerns. Within Google's shared responsibility matrix, the PaaS customer is responsible for
establishing Role-based access policies (RBAC) and monitoring application security. Google is responsible for
maintaining network security and encrypting data at rest.

https://cloud.google.com/privacy

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0182.jpg ---
153) You have joined a growing company that offers online costume rentals through its website and mobile application. Although
the volume of rental requests varies throughout the year, it peaks during the holiday season from October through January.

The Head of the AppDev team has called for suggestions on scaling the systems to meet the spikes in demand without posing a
risk to uptime.

Which of the following solutions would best meet these requirements?

A. Scale the systems vertically

B. Increase the number of servers
C. Scale the systems horizontally
D. Implement load-balancing

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0184.jpg ---
154) You are working on an enhancement project that requires the existing application to access the Analytics report data
from the Analytics Reporting API. The application is hosted on a virtual machine with an internal IP address and no
external IP address.

What should you do to access the Analytics Reporting API?

A. Disable Private Google Access.

B. Enable Private Google Access.

C. Ensure that VM interface has an external IP address assigned.

D. Ensure that the VM interface is connected to a subnet where Private Google Access is
disabled.

Correct Answer: B

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0185.jpg ---
156) In Google Cloud Platform, you control which permissions are granted to your users by assigning __.

roles

access lists
authentications
resources

9OMDPF

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0186.jpg ---
157) Which of the following options is not one of the three main types of roles in Google Cloud Platform?

basic
composite
custom
predefined

SOD>

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0187.jpg ---
158) Which of the following statements about Google Cloud Platform is false?

When creating a new project, you are asked to pick a location.

Permissions can always be changed after they are assigned.

A project marked for deletion is immediately deleted.

If you already have Active Directory or LDAP, you can use Google Cloud Directory Sync to
automatically replicate them to Google Cloud Identity.

GVOWPF

Correct Answer: C

When you create a new project, a Project ID is automatically generated for you based upon the Project Name.
You are also asked to pick a location. A project is marked for deletion for 30 days before it is actually deleted.
If you already have something like Active Directory or LDAP, you can use Google Cloud Directory Sync to
automatically replicate them to Google Cloud Identity. Remember, you can always change permissions later.

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0188.jpg ---
159) Which of the following statements about billing in Google Cloud Platform is false?

Google has a free tier, which gives you limited access to some GCP services.

Setting a budget creates a hard cap on spending.

Disabling billing stops automatic payments.

When you disable billing, you are still responsible for all outstanding charges for the project.

SOS

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0189.jpg ---
161) In Google Cloud Platform, by default, administrators and users with billing account roles will receive email
alerts when the amount spent exceeds __,____, and ____ percent of the budget.

25, 50, 100
50, 90, 100
25, 50, 75

50, 75, 100

GVOMWP,r

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0190.jpg ---
162) Which of the following statements about project names and IDs in Google Cloud Platform is false?

It is possible to pick your own Project ID.

The Project ID must be globally unique.

The Project Name must be globally unique.
The Project Name can be changed at any time.

SOD,

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0191.jpg ---
163) In Google Cloud Platform, _____ are detailed copies of your charges that live inside a BigQuery database.

billing monitors
billing queries
budgets

billing exports

9OMDPF

Correct Answer: D

Billing exports are detailed copies of your charges that live inside a BigQuery database.

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0192.jpg ---
165) Which of the following statements about adding users in Google Cloud Platform is false?

A. It is generally recommended that you avoid using basic roles, especially in production

environments.

You can manually create new user accounts.

C. It is recommended to begin by assigning the maximum amount of permissions at first,
then take unnecessary ones away later.

D. You have full control over which permissions are granted to your users.

ad

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0194.jpg ---
166) The operating systems of some of your organization's virtual machines may have a security vulnerability. How can
your organization most effectively identify all virtual machines that do not have the latest security update?

A.View the Security Command Center to identify virtual machines running vulnerable disk images
B.View the Compliance Reports Manager to identify and download a recent PCI audit

C.View the Security Command Center to identify virtual machines started more than 2 weeks ago
D.View the Compliance Reports Manager to identify and download a recent SOC 1 audit

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0195.jpg ---
168) Your organization is migrating to Google Cloud. As part of that effort, it needs to move terabytes of data from on-
premises servers to Cloud Storage. Your organization wants the migration process to be automated and to be managed by
Google. Your organization has an existing Dedicated Interconnect connection that it wants to use. Which Google Cloud
product or feature should your organization use?

A.Storage Transfer Service
B.Migrate for Anthos

C.BigQuery Data Transfer Service
D.Transfer Appliance

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0196.jpg ---
169) Your organization needs to analyze data in order to gather insights into its daily operations. You only want to pay for the
data you store and the queries you perform. Which Google Cloud product should your organization choose for its data
analytics warehouse?

A.Cloud SQL
B.Dataproc
C.Cloud Spanner
D.BigQuery

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0197.jpg ---
170) Your organization wants an economical solution to store data such as files, graphical images, and videos and to
access and share them securely.

Which Google Cloud product or service should your organization use?

A.Cloud Storage
B.Cloud SQL
C.Cloud Spanner
D.BigQuery

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0198.jpg ---
171) A hotel wants to modernize their legacy systems so that customers can make reservations through a mobile app.
What's the benefit of using an application programming interface (API) to do this?

Correct Answer: D

A.They do not have to develop the end-user application
B.They can deprecate their legacy systems

C.They can transform their systems to be cloud-native
D.They do not have to rewrite the legacy system

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0199.jpg ---
172) An organization wants to develop an application that can be personalized to user preferences throughout the year.
Why should they build a cloud-native application instead of modernizing their existing on-premises application?

A.Developers can rely on the cloud provider for all source code
B.Developers can launch new features in an agile way

C.IT managers can migrate existing application architecture without needing updates
D.IT managers can accelerate capital expenditure planning

Correct Answer: B

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0200.jpg ---
173) A retail company stores their product inventory in a legacy system. Often, customers and products on the company's
website and want to purchase them in-store.

However, when they arrive, they discover that the products are out of stock. How could the company benefit from using an
application programming interface (API)?

A.To create personalized product recommendations for customers

B.To optimize their on-premises legacy system stability

C.By manually linking each inventory system to the website on a case-by-case basis
D.By programmatically connecting the inventory system to their website

Correct Answer: D

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0201.jpg ---
174) An organization's web developers and operations personnel use different systems. How will increasing communication
between the teams reduce issues caused by silos?

A.By assigning blame for failures and establishing consequences

B.By combining job role responsibilities to ensure that everyone has shared access
C.By increasing data encryption to strengthen work rows

D.By emphasizing shared ownership of business outcomes

Correct Answer: D

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0202.jpg ---
175) How does a large hotel chain benefit from storing their customer reservation data in the cloud?

A.On-premises hardware access to transaction data

B.Real-time data transformation at scale within an on-premises database
C.Real-time business transaction accuracy at scale

D.Physical hardware access during peak demand

Correct Answer: C

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0203.jpg ---
176) After rolling out a new update, an organization found a minor bug in its online video game. How should the
organization approach this bug while following SRE principles?

A.Accept and learn from the bug because failure is normal

B.Accept and ignore the bug because it is only minor

C.Hold a postmortem to reprimand the employee responsible for the bug
D.Document bug correction to eliminate all future bugs

Correct Answer: A

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0204.jpg ---
177) Why do organizations often struggle to scale their on-premises application infrastructure?

A.Scaling compute instances could breach compliance and/or regulation
B.Increasing compute capacity is time-consuming and costly

C.Their serverless compute functions struggle to meet the demand
D.Their multi-cloud architecture is complex and expensive

Correct Answer: B

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0205.jpg ---
179) What is logging within the context of cloud technology?

A.Writing application and operating system events as text
B.Monitoring network and resource limitations
C.Tracking source code across an organization
D.Recording infrastructure and hardware expenditure

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0206.jpg ---
180) How does Cloud SQL help organizations create business insights?

A.Integrates with business intelligence and analytics platforms
B.Generates predictions using machine learning models
C.Generates real-time charts and intelligent analytics
D.Transforms business data from unstructured to structured

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0207.jpg ---
181) An organization recently launched a virtual customer support agent, generating vast amounts of text and speech data.
Why should they use a cloud data warehouse to interpret this data?

A.To natively visualize both types of data using a dashboard in real time

B.To ingest and analyze structured and unstructured data at scale, in real time
C.To secure data transmission between cloud and on-premises environments
D.To transform data from structured to unstructured

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0208.jpg ---
182) An organization wants to add a new function to their application. They want to write the code and let the public cloud
provider handle the infrastructure.
Which infrastructure solution should they use?

A.Virtual machines
B.Bare Metal Solution
C.Serverless computing
D.Container Registry

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0209.jpg ---
183) An organization wants to leverage tooling and automation as part of its new DevOps philosophy.
Which operational challenge will this resolve?

A.Repetitive manual tasks that hinder work rows
B.Time-consuming supervision of creative tasks
C.Distribution and supply-chain issues

D.Defective technical equipment that limits innovation

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0210.jpg ---
185) An organization wants its users to validate a series of new features for their app.
Why should they use App Engine?

A.Because their app is containerized and enabled by microservices
B.Because the updated app will only include new features

C.To run different versions of the app for different users

D.To run different versions of the app for the same user

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0211.jpg ---
186) How would an organization benefit from using Looker?

A.Optimal identity and access management
B.Leading serverless warehousing technology
C.Robust data roll-back accuracy

D.Advanced business intelligence and analytics

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0212.jpg ---
187) An organization delivers a proactive healthcare service. They want to efficiently and automatically collect patient
data.

What should the organization encourage the patients to do?

A.Use at-home health screening devices and then upload their health data daily

B.Wear Internet of Things (loT) devices that upload their health data in real time

C.Self-assess their health data and then document and upload it in real time

D.Visit a nurse who will use Internet of Things (loT) devices to collect and upload their health data

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0213.jpg ---
188) An organization wants to introduce a new image recognition login system
What should the organization do to follow SRE principles?

A) Roll out the new system to a subset of employees to test it out
B) Roll out the new system to all employees to collect as much data as possible
C) Avoid rolling out the new system because it may have security flaws

D) Avoid rolling out the new system because it may violate privacy policy

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0214.jpg ---
189) A global organization is developing an application to manage payments and online bank accounts in multiple regions. Each
transaction must be handled consistently in their database, and they anticipate almost unlimited growth in the amount of data
stored.

Which Google Cloud product should the organization choose?

A. Cloud SQL
B. Cloud Spanner
C. Cloud Storage

D. BigQuery

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0215.jpg ---
190) An organization wants to use all available data to offer predictive suggestions on their website that
improve over time.

Which method should the organization use?

A) Data automation

B) Trends analysis

C) Machine learning

D) Multiple regression

Correct Answer: C

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0216.jpg ---
192) An employee receives an email from their internet service provider asking for their
bank account number and password. Which cybersecurity threat is this?

A.Ransomware

B.Distributed Denial of Service
C.Spamming

D.Phishing

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0217.jpg ---
193) An organization wants to move from a tactical cloud adoption approach to a transformational approach.
How should they adapt the way they lead the organization?

A.Increase top-down visibility and foster a culture of blamelessness
B.Shift from an operational expenditure model to capital expenditure
C.Drive cloud adoption with an individual contributor focus

D.Invest in on-premises infrastructure to redesign relationships
between IT and employees

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0218.jpg ---
195) An organization wants to use multiple marketing datasets to forecast user
acquisition.

How should they use cloud technology to gain new insights from the data?

A.lmport the datasets into a custom data warehouse, and then archive old data
B.Import and selectively archive the datasets in a custom data lake

C.Separate the datasets and make predictions using machine learning
D.Combine the datasets and make predictions using machine learning

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0219.jpg ---
196) An organization wants to collect metrics and metadata from their cloud applications
and put them into dashboards. Which Google Cloud tool should they use?

A.Cloud Monitoring
B.Cloud Trace
C.Cloud Logging
D.Cloud Debugger

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0220.jpg ---
197) A manager wants to review Google Cloud data access among their employees.
Who is responsible for defining data access policies?

A.Cloud Identity

B.Google Cloud Customer Care team
C.Their organization's IT team
D.Their organization's end users

Answer(s): C

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0221.jpg ---
198) An organization has decided to modernize their applications in the cloud to keep up
with their customers’ needs. What may have prompted this business decision?

A.Their on-premises applications only autoscale to meet demand.

B.They want to change from a pay-as-you-go model to a capital expenditure model.
C.Their source code changes erroneously without developer interaction.

D.Their on-premises applications take months to update and deploy.

Answer(s): D

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0222.jpg ---
200) An organization provides a loyalty program for its customers. It recently partnered
with other businesses so that customers can get loyalty points at a range of other stores.
Why should the organization use application programming interfaces (APIs)?

A.To migrate all partner data for disaster recovery

B.To analyze and publish loyalty program statistics to a dashboard
C.To personalize recommendations for loyalty card users

D.To connect third-party systems to ensure up-to-date information

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0223.jpg ---
201) A travel agency wants to seamlessly share their social media content with partners.
What should the organization use?

A.A NoSQL database

B.Anthos Config Management

C.The App Engine standard environment
D.An application programming interface (API)

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0224.jpg ---
203) An organization needs to migrate specialized workloads to the cloud while maintaining

their existing complex licensing and architecture. What Google Cloud solution should the
organization use?

A.Compute Engine
B.Bare Metal Solution
C.Cloud Run

D.Cloud Functions

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0225.jpg ---
204) An organization finds that the amount of cash in their vending machines doesn't match
the value of items sold. They have decided to upgrade their vending machines with cloud-
based mobile payment systems. How could the organization benefit from this upgrade?

A.They could relax data access permissions.
B.They could reduce their error budget overspend.
C.They could improve their perimeter security.
D.They could view data history to see transactions.

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0226.jpg ---
205) A food delivery service needs access to real-time menu information from all partner restaurants. They also
need to share customer order information with the restaurants in real time.
What should the organization use?

A.Site reliability engineering (SRE)

B.An application programming interface (API)
C.A customized machine learning model

D.A multi-regional database

Answer(s): B

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0227.jpg ---
207) How does Google Cloud enable customers to leverage the power of artificial
intelligence and machine learning?

A.With scalable on-premises tensor processing units

B.With APIs and tools for users at different levels of expertise
C.With affordable and scalable quantum computing

D.With machine learning models that always require custom training

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0228.jpg ---
208) An online retail organization wants to optimize their service.
What is an example of unstructured data that they can use to make decisions?

A.Customer survey comments
B.Seller location coordinates
C.Product sales trends
D.Warehouse inventory records

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0229.jpg ---
209) An organization's public cloud provider failed to meet their SLA of 99.99% availability.
What is the potential impact on the organization?

A.The organization risks using up their error budget.
B.Renegotiation of the SLA to put less emphasis on uptime could be
necessary.

C.Unexpected downtime could risk the loss of customers.

D.AIl data stored in their database could be unexpectedly lost.

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0230.jpg ---
211) A multinational organization has decided to use public cloud services to modernize
their IT infrastructure. What is one benefit of doing this?

A.They can perform hardware maintenance outside of normal business hours.
B.They can expect 100% service availability in all regions.

C.Built-in security is no longer required during data migrations.

D.Access to data and computer resources is not tied to a geographical location.

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0231.jpg ---
212) An organization meets their service level objective (SLO) of 99.999% (‘five nines’).
How much downtime do their end users experience per year?

A.5 minutes
B.500 minutes
C.5 hours

D.5 days

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0232.jpg ---
213) An organization wants to introduce a new image recognition login system.
What should the organization do to follow SRE principles?

A.Roll out the new system to a subset of employees to test it out.

B.Roll out the new system to all employees to collect as much data as possible.
C.Avoid rolling out the new system because it may have security flaws.

D.Avoid rolling out the new system because it may violate privacy policy.

Answer(s): A

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0233.jpg ---
215) How can a streaming service meet global compliance requirements using the cloud?

A.By automatically encrypting personally identifiable information

B.By obtaining a business license to operate in a new market

C.By allowing users to disable two-factor authentication

D.By adhering only to data polices of the country in which the head office is registered

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0234.jpg ---
216) An organization wants full control of their virtual machine infrastructure for a custom
home-grown application with a product that autoscales and automatically updates.
Which Google Cloud product or solution should the organization use?

A.Cloud Build
B.Cloud Run
C.Compute Engine
D.App Engine

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0235.jpg ---
218) An organization wants to upskill their IT staff.
How can they do this in a transformational way?

A.Prioritize training current employees instead of hiring new recruits with cloud experience.
B.Prioritize giving privileged access to third-party partners and contractors to fill IT knowledge gaps.
C.Create a culture of self-motivated, isolated learning with official training materials.

D.Create a culture of continuous peer-to-peer learning with official training materials.

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0236.jpg ---
219) Several departments in an organization are working together on a project. The organization wants to customize
access to resources for each department.

What is the quickest and most efficient way to achieve this?

A.By mapping IAM roles to job functions for each department
B.By assigning IAM primitive roles to each employee

C.By applying least-privilege to roles for each employee

D.By creating a single shared service account for all departments

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0237.jpg ---
220) An organization notices that some of their cloud expenditures are too high.
What should the organization do to control costs?

A.Streamline the hardware procurement process to reduce costs.

B.Share cost views with the departments to establish more accountability.
C.Change the cost model from operational expenditure to capital expenditure.
D.Ensure that all could resources are tagged with a single tag.

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0238.jpg ---
221) What is monitoring within the context of cloud operations?

A.Observing cloud expenditure in real time to ensure that budgets are not exceeded
B.Collecting predefined and custom metrics from applications and infrastructure
C.Tracking user activities to guarantee compliance with privacy regulations
D.Tracing user location to document regional access and utilization

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0239.jpg ---
223) Why should an organization consider the total cost of ownership (TCO) when moving
from on-premises to the cloud?

A.To evaluate error budget

B.To understand service level availability
C.To evaluate return on investment

D.To calculate required compute power

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0240.jpg ---
224) How does Google Cloud ensure that customer data remains secure and private when at rest?

A.By aggregating training data for customers within each industry
B.By automatically locking files containing suspicious code

C.By auditing platform privacy practices against industry standards
D.By providing privacy reviews for critical customer applications

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0241.jpg ---
225) An organization's developers are growing increasingly frustrated by the limitations of their on-premises
infrastructure. How would they benefit from leveraging cloud technology?

A.They can expect 100% service availability.

B. They can avoid the limitations of serverless computing.

C.They can have new tools to innovate and optimize resource usage.
D.They can optimize maintenance for their on-premises infrastructure.

Answer(s): C

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0242.jpg ---
227) An organization wants a cost-effective relational database.
Which Google Cloud service should the organization use?

A.Cloud Storage
B.BigQuery
C.Cloud SQL
D.Dataflow

Answer(s): C

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0243.jpg ---
229) When an organization adopts cloud technology, how does their total cost of ownership
(TCO) shift?

A.Away from cost management toward capital expenditure
B.Away from operational expenditure toward cost management
C.Away from capital expenditure toward operational expenditure
D.Away from operational expenditure toward capital expenditure

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0244.jpg ---
230) Which policy helps Google Cloud keep customer data private?

A.Google tests the service availability of customer applications.
B.Google does not use customer data for advertising purposes.

C.Google migrates customer data to an offline server when a threat
is detected.

D.Google does not allow customers to change encryption keys.

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0245.jpg ---
232) An organization is moving away from an on-premises infrastructure. Instead, they want to create, access, and
share information virtually in the cloud.

What should the organization consider?

A.Built-in security when moving their data to the cloud

B.Replacing their perimeter security with data encryption keys
C.Optimizing cost-management with a capital expenditure model
D.Increased hardware capacity when moving their data to the cloud

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0246.jpg ---
233) An organization has an on-premises IT infrastructure. Their customer-facing application
repeatedly fails during peak usage. What could be causing this issue?

A.A serverless compute function struggles to scale.
B.The application contains unclean data.

C.They don't have enough servers to meet the demand.
D.The application is only configurable on-premises.

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0247.jpg ---
234) What is artificial intelligence?

A.Any system that ingests data in real time
B.Any system that automatically structures data

C.Any system capable of a task that requires smart analytics to generate predictions
D.Any system capable of a task that normally requires human cognition

Answer(s): D

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0248.jpg ---
236) How is privacy defined in the context of cloud technology?

A.Restrictions on data access and sharing
B.Procedures to authenticate user identity
C.Susceptibility to data breaches and cyber attacks
D.Compliance with regulatory standards

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0249.jpg ---
238) An organization wants to search hundreds of scanned documents for key information like
dates, names, and other specific words.

Why should the organization use application programming interfaces (APIs)?

A.To replace the scanned documents with an online survey

B.To ingest data in real time and encrypt unmatched words

C.To create digital versions of the documents and locate key information
D.To transform the documents into unstructured data.

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0250.jpg ---
239) An organization needs a platform to create custom end-to-end artificial intelligence models.
Which Google Cloud product or service should the organization use?

A.Dataproc

B.Compute Engine
C.Recommendations Al
D.Vertex Al

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0251.jpg ---
241) What is an example of structured data that a healthcare facility stores in their system?

A.X-ray images

B.Surgery video recordings
C.Blood pressure history
D.Physician-written notes

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0252.jpg ---
242) An organization wants to move from a tactical cloud adoption approach to a
transformational approach.

How should they change their cloud security?

A.Provide staff identities using only Google Cloud authentication.

B.Provide multiple layers of network security using a zero-trust model.

C.Emphasize strong perimeter security and trust in their private network.
D.Emphasize three main Identity Access Management roles: owner, editor, and viewer.

Answer(s): B

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0253.jpg ---
244) An organization wants to ensure that their developers can easily use application

programming interfaces (APIs) in future projects. Which Google product or solution should
they use?

A.Application migration

B.Apigee

C.The App Engine flexible environment
D.AppSheet

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0254.jpg ---
246) A customer service department wants to increase their operational efficiency while maintaining personalized dialog
with their customers.

What Google Cloud product or service should the organization use?

A.Recommendations Al
B.Cloud Identity
C.Contact Center Al
D.Text-to-Speech

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0255.jpg ---
247) An organization is struggling to keep up with the growth of their application which is
running on legacy infrastructure. What might be holding them back?

A.The time it takes their serverless compute function to scale
B.The overreliance on platform as a service

C.The inaccessibility of their data due to perimeter security
D.The cost of provisioning hardware for peak usage

Answer(s): D

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0256.jpg ---
249) What is an organization exclusively responsible for when they access an application through a software as a
service (SaaS) model?

A.Maintaining overall system operability
B.Maintaining customer-facing content
C.Monitoring data center servers
D.Monitoring computer networks

Answer(s): B

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0257.jpg ---
251) An loT platform is providing services to home security systems. They have more than a million customers, each with
many home devices. Burglaries or child safety issues are concerns that the clients customers. Therefore, the platform has
to respond very quickly in near real time.

What could be a typical data pipeline used to support this platform on Google Cloud?

A.Cloud Pub/Sub, Cloud Dataflow, Data Studio
B.Cloud Functions, Cloud Dataproc, Looker
C.Cloud Pub/Sub, Cloud Dataflow, BigQuery
D.Cloud Functions, Cloud Dataproc, BigQuery

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0258.jpg ---
252) An organization runs their application on a virtual machine, but every time they want to edit specific features, they
have to bring the system offline to update the application.
What would be a more appropriate solution for their app?

A.GPUs
B.Containers
C.Hypervisors
D.Solid State Disk

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0259.jpg ---
253) A Multiple projects within your organization have long-term VM usage. Based on current demand, they are able
to project into the future and estimate how many VM hours they will use every year. Going in for a committed use
contract seems sensible. How can you configure committed use easily across all the projects?

A.Enable committed use with discount sharing for the projects

B.Review the usage of resources by each project on a daily basis. Enable committed use for the following
day based on that number, so that it gives maximum granularity without wastage.

C.Take a report of each project's use in the last year. Enable committed use on a per-project basis based on
the previous year's numbers.

D.Share a Google Sheet and request each project team to send in their estimate. Enable committed use
accordingly on a per-project basis.

Answer(s): A

Explanation:

Explanation

Enable committed use discounts are applied to the project from which you purchased it. To share the discount across
multiple projects linked to your Cloud Billing account, enable committed use discount sharing from the console.

When you enable committed use discount sharing, all of your current active committed use dis-counts in all the projects
under the same Cloud Billing account, including those you previously purchased and new ones you purchase in the future
are shared across your Cloud Billing account. Your sustained use discounts are also pooled and shared across all projects

within your Cloud Billing account.
https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0260.jpg ---
255) A global insurance company that uses Google Cloud Platform plans for its employees to work from home. It has
requested a scalable, cost-effective solution that can enable encrypted desktop streaming so that employees can access
corporate resources. Which of the following would you recommend?

A. Google workspace

B. Google Cloud Virtual Desktop

C. Create an encrypted connection to the office network

D. Enable Remote Desktop Protocol (RDP) to connect to remote
desktops

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0261.jpg ---
256) An organization currently stores its data on-premises and they receive different levels of traffic on their

website every month. How could the organization benefit from modernizing their infrastructure with cloud
technology?

A.They can rely on the cloud provider for all website source code.
B.Agile storage scalability.
C.100% service availability.

D.They can shift from heavy operational expenditure to a capital
expenditure model.

Answer(s): B

Explanation:
Explanation

Organizations can scale in the cloud by paying for what they use, when they use it.

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0262.jpg ---
258) You want to build an application that will allow customers to register and login. It would be great to have the ability to
secure it with multi-factor authentication and the ability to reset credentials. As a small startup, you want to build the main
application as quickly as possible and have minimum overhead.

Which might be a suitable option for you on Google Cloud?

A.Since identity and credentials should be secure and private, do not
trust other ser-vice providers.

B.Cloud Identity
C.Google Workspace
D.Cloud Identity Platform

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0263.jpg ---
259) A video game organization has invested in cloud technology to generate insights from user behaviors. They
want to ensure recommendations of games are aligned to players’ interests.
What may have prompted this business decision?

A.Customers expect faster time to market for games.
B.Employees expect source code changes to be deployed faster.
C.Customers expect a personalized experience.

D.Employees expect more predictable data management spending.
Answer(s): C

Explanation:
Because in the cloud era, users expect more personalization and customization.

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0264.jpg ---
261) A startup is planning to create their entire suite of applications on Google Cloud. They are looking at various open
source technologies to build applications. One of the considera-tion is about having a well integrated monitoring tool.
They have to be able to constantly review load capacity and performance of their applications and virtual machines.
What would you advise them to do?

A.lt is best to build a custom solution so that they know it integrates
well with all their custom applications.

B.Since they are using open source for applications, find another
open source monitoring tool and integrate it, which could turn out to
be very cheap.

C.Use the Google Cloud Operations Suite which contains monitoring
among other operations tools.

D.Update the application code to regularly write to output logs.
Export the logs to BigQuery to analyze them frequently.

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0265.jpg ---
262) A multinational retail company has approached you to help design its systems. They have millions of transactions at
their point of sale systems across the world that need to be captured, stored, and analyzed. They are seeing more growth
and expect to expand into even more geographies.

Which database would be appropriate for them?

A.Cloud Datastore
B.Cloud Storage
C.Cloud Spanner
D.Cloud SQL

Answer(s): C

Explanation:
Explanation
Cloud Spanner: "Fully managed relational database with unlimited scale, strong consistency, and up to 99.999%
availability."

Reference:
- https://cloud.google.com/spanner

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0266.jpg ---
264) An organization has completely migrated all their infrastructure to the cloud to benefit from its agility. Now they
want to innovate faster and achieve a higher return on investment.
What should the organization do?

A.Manually provision all cloud infrastructure for increased control.
B.Modernize their applications.
C.Lower their service level objective (SLO).

D.Move to a hybrid architecture with some of their infrastructure on-
premises.

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0267.jpg ---
265) Your customer currently has a hybrid cloud setup including their on-premises data center and AWS. They are
consolidating all their services on Google Cloud as part of a modernization plan and want to spend less IT effort in the
future. There are about 10 MySQL and 25 PostgreSQL databases across the two DCs.

What is the best option to for them?

A.Use the Data Catalog Service to manage the metadata of the
databases

B.Use Cloud Dataflow service and setup Google's Cloud SQL as the
sink and the others as the source, which will cause the data to flow in
as expected.

C.Use the Database Migration Service

D.Use the Bare Metal Solution and copy the databases directly as
Answer(s): C they are on-premises and on AWS.

Explanation:

Database Migration is the right one to use: "Simplifying migrations to Cloud SQL. Now available for MySQL and PostgreSQL
migrations, with SQL Server coming soon." Since the customer also doesn't want to manage their own database installations in
the future, Cloud SQL is the best option.

https://cloud.google.com/database-migration

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0268.jpg ---
267) An organization has created an ecommerce website.
What data on this website would be considered structured data?

A.Product photographs
B.Product reviews

C.Product descriptions
D.Product ratings score

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0270.jpg ---
270) Your team is using BigQuery as your central data warehouse. You are running a certain workload that you've run
frequently over the last few days. It is a short, high capacity ana-lytics workload.
Which of the following would be an appropriate pricing model to use?

A.There is no need for any pricing model the first 1 TB of query data
processed per month is free.

B.On-demand pricing
C.Flex Slots

D.Flat-rate reservations

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0271.jpg ---
271) An organization wants to search for and share plug-and-play Al components which can easily build ML services
into their project.

Which Google Cloud product should the organi-zation use?
A.Document Al
B.Al Hub
C.Cloud Talent Solution
D.Recommendations Al

Answer(s): B

Explanation:

Because Al Hub is a hosted repository of plug-and-play Al compo-nents. Reference: https://cloud.google.com/ai-
hub/docs/release-notes

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0272.jpg ---
273) Your organization is on a critical path with recently developed applications. They are going into production in a
month. A few million users are expected to use the new application. They want to ensure minimum disruption when the
application goes live. Any issues have to be dealt with within minutes and resolved as quickly as possible.

Which Support package should they take?

A.Enhanced Support
B.Standard Support
C.Basic Support

D.Premium Support

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0273.jpg ---
274) An organization wants to move from a strategic cloud adoption maturity level to a trans-
formational one. How should the organization change the way they scale?

A.None of these

B.Deploy changes when problems arise.
C.Deploy changes programmatically.
D.Review changes manually.

Answer(s): C

Explanation:
Because automation is a transformational approach which ensures changes are constant and low- risk.

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0275.jpg ---
276) An organization has had a data leak scare because one employee made a sensitive Cloud Storage bucket
available to the public. Given the nature of the company's business, it is understood that there is never any reason to
give the public direct access to any file. The security head wants to ensure that such an event never occurs again.

How can you ensure this?
A.Remove Edit access rights of all Cloud Storage buckets so that no user can make any edits.
B.Set an organizational policy constraint to restrict bucket access set to the public.

C.Use Cloud Scheduler to run a job at a specified interval to scan buckets. Any public permissions can
be programmatically changed.

D.Write Cloud Functions code connected to Cloud Storage. Any changes will be notified to the function
which can be used to reset the public access.

Answer(s): B

Explanation:

The straightforward way to set it is using Organizational Policy constraint. Any attempts to change the organizational
setting will be rejected for any project and resource.

Reference link:

-> https://cloud.google.com/resource-manager/docs/organization-policy/overview -> https://cloud.google.com/resource-
manager/docs/organization-policy/org-policy-constraints

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0277.jpg ---
279) An organization with hybrid cloud architecture wants to build an application once and be able to run it both on-
premises and in their public cloud.

Which Google Cloud solution should the organization use?

A.Cloud Functions
B.App Engine
C.Compute Engine
D.Anthos

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0278.jpg ---
280) Which of the following is/are true about Anthos?

A.Enterprise-grade container orchestration and management service.
B.Modernizing your security for hybrid and multi-cloud deployments
C.Fully managed service mesh with built-in visibility

D.AIl of the Above

Answer(s): D

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0279.jpg ---
281) The CFO is attending one of the preliminary meetings in the migration strategy meeting. She brings up the
concern about costs. They have contracts with their vendors and the payments they will need to make when
purchasing any kind of infrastructure. This gives them a clear view of numbers for resource budgeting and planning.
Can she get the same kind of clarity on Google Cloud?

A.Yes. Do a trial run of typical workloads. See the billing amount and that becomes the base reference.

B.Yes, the Cloud Native Computing Foundation publishes yearly numbers on the cost of running the
cloud. Use that as a reference.
C.Yes, the Pricing Calculator can be used to estimate the cost of resources.

D.Yes, Google provides a typical cost of application workloads by region and indus-try. Use that as a
reference.

Answer(s): C
Explanation:
The pricing calculator can be used to give clear estimates of resource usage. -> Running test loads is as closely indicative

as using the pricing calculator. -> There are no cloud cost references published, either by Google or CNCF. Even if some
companies have published such info. It might not apply to you.

Reference:
https://cloud.google.com/products/calculator

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0280.jpg ---
283) A prospect wants to be able to store and analyze data. Their analysts already know SQL, but are not familiar
with other technologies.

Which of these databases can the analysts use without addi-tional training?

A.Cloud SQL, BigQuery, Datastore
B.Spanner, Cloud SQL, BigQuery
C.Cloud SQL, Firestore, Datastore
D.Cloud SQL, Bigtable, BigQuery

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0281.jpg ---
284) Which of the following is/are true about Bare Metal Solutions?

A.Enterprise-grade deployment platform
B.All your existing investment in tooling and best practices will work as is

C.Continue to run any version, and feature set, any database option, and any cus-tomizations
(patchsets)

D.AIl of the Above.

Answer(s): D

Explanation:
Bare Metal Solution for Oracle
Bring your Oracle workloads to Google Cloud with Bare Metal Solution and jumpstart your cloud journey with minimal risk.

- Continue to run any version, any feature set, any database option, and any customizations (patchsets)
- Enterprise-grade deployment platform
- High availability with Oracle RAC
- Works with any application, any Oracle versions
- All your existing investment in tooling and best practices will work as is
https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0282.jpg ---
286) Your application has repeated data requests of the exact same nature. At the same time, the number of user requests
is increasing. Monitoring indicates that the load on the existing database is increasing, and there seems to be a bottleneck.
An analysis of the data requested shows us that it is application-managed data and that it changes, but not often. How can
you improve the efficiency of the application?

A.Use Cloud Memorystore to improve speed via caching

B.Increase the amount of RAM on the machine hosting the database so that it has higher data throughput.
C.Use Cloud Storage with multi-regional storage so that all users accessing the data will have lower latency
D.Increase the number of CPUs on the machine hosting the database so that it has higher data throughput.

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0283.jpg ---
287) What conditions be true if a VM interface wants to send packets to the external IP
addresses of Google APIs and services using Private Google Access?

A.VM interface does not have an external IP address assigned.

B.VM interface is connected to a subnet where Private Google
Access is disabled

C.Both A andB
D.None of the Above.

Answer(s): A

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0284.jpg ---
288) Your customer has reliable information to indicate that they will use a certain amount of computing and analytics.
The workloads are critical and they don't want to take a chance with VMs or BigQuery slots being unavailable during a
peak period. How can they ensure that they allocate the capacity?

A.Send in the filled form to Google Cloud support to reserve the Compute Engine and BigQuery resources
required.

B.Create reservations on Compute Engine and BigQuery.

C.On the day the capacity is required, set a scheduled job that will provision as many resources as
required and lock it in.

D.Google Cloud is elastic for resources. You cannot reserve resources in advance; it is pay per use.

Answer(s): B

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0285.jpg ---
289) An organization's applications run on an inflexible, on-premises architecture. The organization has decided to
modernize their existing applications with the cloud.
What may have prompted this business decision?

A.Developers want cloud providers to take full control of their application performance.
B.IT managers want cloud providers to automatically deploy their infrastructure.

C.IT managers want to stop making gradual changes.

D.Developers want to test ideas and experiment with more ease.
Answer(s): D

Explanation:
Modernizing applications means they can make alterations and innovate more easily.

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0286.jpg ---
291) Your Google Cloud Platform [GCP] admin has to manage a bunch of API keys for external services that are
accessed by different applications, which are used by a few teams.
What is the best way to manage them?

A.Share the information in a Github repository and grant access to the repo in IAM as required.
B.Store the information in Secret Manager and give IAM read permissions as re-quired.
C.Store the information in Kubernetes Secrets and only grant read permissions to users as required.

D.Encrypt the information and store it in Cloud Storage for centralized access. Give the decrypt key only to
the users who need to access it.

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0287.jpg ---
292) What are the key features of Google Cloud Identity.

A.Multi-factor authentication (MFA)

B.Single sign-on (SSO)

C.Works with your favorite apps and Endpoint management
D.AIl of the Above

Answer(s): D

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0288.jpg ---
293) A partner of yours used to have their own private data center. Your company was already on Google Cloud and now
they have also moved to Google Cloud. You are investigating whether there are ways to collaborate better or shared
services.

What would be one good option to consider?

A.Use Private Service Access within Google Cloud.

B.Use VPC Peering to share resources privately between your two organizations.
C.Use public IP addresses as before. It will automatically be routed internally only.
D.Use VPC Shared Networks to share common resources.

Answer(s): B
Explanation:
VPC Network Peering allows internal IP address connectivity across two Virtual Private Cloud (VPC)

networks regardless of whether they belong to the same project or the same organization. -> Shared VPC is only within an
organization - it allows an organization to connect resources from multiple projects to a common Virtual Private Cloud (VPC)
network, so that they can communicate with each other securely and efficiently using internal IPs from that network. -> Private
Google Access is only to access Google APIs and services

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0290.jpg ---
296) Your team is working on building a machine learning model. There are a bunch of
terminologies that are being used.
What is an "instance" or an "example"?

A.An input variable is used in making predictions. E.g. number of rooms in a house price prediction
model.

B.One row of a dataset containing one or more input columns and possibly a prediction result.

C.An answer for a prediction task,- either the answer produced by a machine learning system or the right
answer supplied in training data. E.g. image contains a "cat".

D.The "knobs" that you tweak during successive runs of training a model. E.g. learning rate

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0291.jpg ---
297) A retail store has discovered a cost-effective solution for creating self-service kiosks. They can use existing
check-out hardware and purchase a virtual customer service application.
Why do they also need an API?

A.To connect the check-out hardware to the public cloud.
B.To connect the new application with the legacy system.
C.To migrate all customer data for disaster recovery.
D.To update the check-out hardware remotely.

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0292.jpg ---
298) Your customer is making a decision on whether to move to Google Cloud. Their key concern is about 10,000 VMs that
are part of their IT infrastructure used across more than 110 applications. They are apprehensive of too many changes at
this stage. They want to get to Google Cloud in the easiest way possible with minimal disruption.

What option would you recommend for them?

A.Use Migrate for Anthos
B.Lift and shift the VMs to serverless options like App Engine Flex.

C.Re-architect on-prem to use Kubernetes and then slowly extend
and bridge the on-prem data center to the Google Cloud data center.

D.Use Migrate for Compute

Answer(s): D

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0293.jpg ---
299) You are leading projects in an IT services company. Your customer's project requires analyzing im- ages. They have
many 10s of 1000s of raw images that they have made available to you. Your small technology team needs to build a
machine learning model. The images are unlabeled. You don't have the people or the capacity to label the images.

What is your approach?

A.Look for open-source labeled images that closely resemble the
given images.
B.Request data labeling service from Google.
C.Tell the customer it is their duty to label the images.
D.Hire temporary workers who can quickly label the images.
Answer(s): C
Explanation:

Google's Data Labeling Service lets you work with human labelers to generate highly accurate labels for a collection of
data that you can use in machine learning models.

Reference:

-> https://cloud.google.com/vertex-ai/docs/datasets/data-labeling-job -> https://cloud.google.com/ai-platform/data-
labeling/docs

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0294.jpg ---
301) With respect to the Core Feature of Standby Instances of Cloud SQL which one of
the options is correct.?

A.The standby instance is used in high availability to replace the primary instance when failover occurs. The
standby instance appears in the Google Cloud Console but does not get billed.

When failover occurs, connections to the primary instance need to be manually transferred to the standby
instance.

B.The standby instance is used in high availability to replace the primary instance when failover occurs. The
standby instance appears in the Google Cloud Console but does not get billed.

When failover occurs, connections to the primary instance are automatically transferred to the standby
instance.

C.The standby instance is used in high availability to replace the primary instance when failover occurs. The
standby instance doesn't appear in the Google Cloud Console.

When failover occurs, connections to the primary instance are automati-cally transferred to the standby
instance.

D.None of the Above.

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0296.jpg ---
302) You are a database manager working for a new product that will need millions of reading and writ- ing from
the database, with zero downtime, key-value i.e. NoSQL features, no manual steps should be required to ensure
consistency, repair data, synchronize writes and deletes, Which of the follow- ing database you choose?

A.Cloud SQL

B.Cloud BigTable
C.Cloud Spanner
D.Cloud Firestore

Answer(s): B

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0297.jpg ---
303) In terms of Cloud SQL for MySQL Features offered by Google Cloud Platform which of the statements
is/are correct?

A.Do not support Private IP (private service access).

B.Customer data is encrypted on Google's internal networks and in
database tables, temporary files, and backups.

C.Do not Provide automated and on-demand backups and point-in-
time recovery.
D.None of the above

Answer(s): B

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0298.jpg ---
304) What issues can arise when organizations integrate third-party systems into their cloud
infrastruc- ture?

A.Third-party systems may not be powerful enough to run many critical business applications.

B.Without sufficient security measures and regular checks, unsecured third-party systems can
pose a threat to data security.

C.Over-reliance on third-party systems limits an organization's potential for innova-tion.

D.Third-party systems are less capable of addressing an organization's security re-quirements.

Answer(s): B

Explanation:
Because unsecured third-party systems are a cybersecurity threat.

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0300.jpg ---
307) A financial services company is running an experimental application workload that has a very large number of
mathematical calculations involving floating-point numbers. The current application that is running on compute engine
is not providing enough speed and throughput.

What are the options to increase the processing performance?

A.Use a serverless option like Cloud Functions that will automatically scale as much as required.
B.Instead of using a "general purpose" machine family, use "compute-optimized" machine family.
C.Since processing could also be dependent on reading and writing data to the disk, use a fast Local SSD.

D.Attach GPUs to the virtual machine for number crunching.

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0301.jpg ---
308) Your client is a financial services company giving loans based on customer profiles. As part of the regulatory
compliance, they have to collect a bunch of different documents with know your cus- tomer (KYC) information. They
want to be able to process the information in these documents quickly and at scale. They want to integrate the
chosen solution as quickly as possible.

What are your options on Google Cloud?

A.Integrate the Cloud Vision API to create a custom model to handle the documents.
B.Create a model using TensorFlow and integrated it into the process workflow.

C.Integrate the Lending DocAl and Document Al in two there processes workflow of the
processing loan requests.

D.Integrate the Natural Language API to read the request sent in by clients and to process the
forms.

Answer(s): C

Explanation:
Lending DocAl is a pre-packaged Al solution that speeds "up the mortgage workflow processes to easily process loans
and automate document data capture, while ensuring the accuracy and breadth of different documents (e.g., tax

statements and asset documents)." https://cloud.google.com/solutions/lending-doc-ai
https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0302.jpg ---
310) While on-premise, an enterprise had multiple teams, each with its own analytics data store. Attempts to converge
the storage for centralized, company-wide analysis failed because of speed and scaling issues.
What would be the preferred destination architecture on Google Cloud?

A.Migrate to Bigtable which provides high throughput reads and writes.
B.Migrate to Cloud Spanner as a globally scalable SQL database.
C.Migrate to BigQuery as a central data warehouse.

D.Migrate to Cloud SQL which supports multiple databases like MySQL, PostgreSQL, and SQL
Server - all of the customer's SQL databases can be accommodated here.

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0303.jpg ---
311) Keeping Flavours of Apigee in mind, which of the following statements is/are correct?

A.A hybrid version consisting of a runtime plane installed on-premises or in a cloud provider of your
choice, and a management plane running in Apigee's cloud. In this model, API traffic and data are
confined within your own enterprise-approved boundaries.

B.A hosted SaaS version in which Apigee maintains the environment, allowing you to concentrate on
building your services and defining the APIs to those services.

C.There are two types of Flavours in Apigee i.e. Apigee & Apigee Hybrid.
D.All of the above are correct.

Answer(s): D

Explanation:

Flavors of Apigee

Apigee comes in the following flavors:

Apigee: A hosted SaaS version in which Apigee maintains the environment, allowing you to concentrate on building your
services and defining the APIs to those services. Apigee hybrid: A hybrid version consisting of a runtime plane installed
on-premises or in a cloud provider of your choice, and a management plane running in Apigee's cloud. In this model, API

traffic and data are confined within your own enterprise-approved boundaries.
https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0305.jpg ---
313) Customer Managed Encryption Keys (CMEK) can be used for encrypting data inside
Cloud BigTable, which of the following statements is/are correct. (Select two answer)

A.Administrators can not rotate

B.Not supported for instances that have clustered in more than one region.
C.CMEK can only be configured at the cluster level.

D.You can not use the same CMEK key in multiple projects

Answer(s): B,C

Explanation:
Customer-managed encryption keys for Cloud BigTable.

By default, all the data at rest in Cloud Bigtable is encrypted using Google's default encryption. Bigtable handles and
manages this encryption for you without any additional action on your part. If you have specific compliance or regulatory
requirements related to the keys that protect your data, you can use customer-managed encryption keys (CMEK) for BigTable.
Instead of Google managing the encryption keys that protect your data, your BigTable instance is protected using a key that
you control and manage in Cloud Key Management Service (Cloud KMS).

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0306.jpg ---
314) You have contracted a partner to conduct some medical trials. This is a limited, 2-month contract. At the end of
each day, you are expecting about 10 Gbs of data. The data is highly sensitive.
What networking option would you employ?

A.As the name indicates, set up Partner Interconnect with your partner company.
B.Setup Dedicated Interconnect with your partner.
C.Setup Cloud VPN and create an IPsec VPN tunnel with your partner.

D.Create a public IP for a VM and share that with your partners so that they can access it over
the internet and share the data.

Answer(s): C

Explanation:

"Cloud VPN securely extends your peer network to Google's network through an IPsec VPN tunnel. Traffic is
encrypted and travels between the two networks over the public internet. Cloud VPN is useful for low-volume data
connections. For additional connection options, see the Hybrid Connectivity product page."

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0307.jpg ---
316) You are consulting for a client who is migrating to Google Cloud. They presently have a matrix or-
ganization. Their IT environments were managed around projects. Each team had multiple projects. All the
projects had a flat structure under the company.

What would you advise them when plan-ning for the move?

A.On Google Cloud, create a folder corresponding to each team. Under that, there could be projects or further
sub folders as the team decides.

B.In terms of not disturbing the project developers and testers, advise them that the strategic decision is to
retain the structure on Google Cloud also.

C.Since a Project could spawn other sub-Projects, on Google Cloud it is better to as-sign a folder for each
Project.

D.The flat structure is what is currently used in IT organizations, and this can be used as-is which will provide
the best results.

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0308.jpg ---
317) Your company has a requirement to run manual tests on their web products for UX research before it is released to
end customers. The people who will do the tests are external to the company. They will either use their own Gmail id or be
given temporary email ids using the applications and record-ing their inputs in another app. The UX testing is done in the
last week of the month. Each month the UX testers could be different. How should the IT team manage the users?

A.Since the app is anyways going to be public, create permanent credentials for the UX testers that they can
conveniently use each time.

B.It would be a security issue to have users come and go. Recommend that the test-ers be permanently hired to
plug the vulnerability issue.

C.It would be a security issue to have users come and go. Recommend that the test-ers be permanently hired to
plug the vulnerability issue.

D.Create a Group with the permissions required to do the test and record their in-puts.
When users arrive each week, add them to the group and after the testing period, remove them from the group.

Answer(s): D

Explanation:

Groups are convenient to use for this requirement. Permissions to the group are automatically inherited by the members of
the group. Adding and removing UX testers from the group will grant and remove permissions.

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0309.jpg ---
319) In discussions with a prospective customer who wants to move to Google Cloud to make use of the latest,
scalable technologies available therein, you learn that there are very strict regulations concern-ing the storage of data.
They only have the approval to store it in their current private data cen-ter.

What would you advise them?

A.Retain on-premise itself those portions of data and compute which are under regulation. Take
advantage of all the other cloud capabilities for remaining work-loads.

B.It is too risky to touch anything in such a scenario. It is best to remain entirely on-premise.
C.Regulations are guidelines. As long as the data remains encrypted, you can move it anywhere.

D.Petition the government for changes to such regulations as all industries are mov-ing to the public
cloud. Then, when the regulations are eased, move to Google Cloud.

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0310.jpg ---
320) Which of the followings are core components of Anthos?

A.Infrastructure, container, and cluster management
B.Secure software supply chain

C.Multicluster & Configuration management

D.All of the above are correct.

Answer(s): D

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0311.jpg ---
321) When creating machine learning models, a key initial step is to identify the type of model required. One of
these is the classification model.
Which of these statements define a classification model?

A.A type of machine learning model for distinguishing among two or more discrete values. E.g.
"book", "car".

B.A type of machine learning model is a meta-model maker, which classifies algo-rithms based on the quality of
their output.

C.A type of machine learning model that outputs continuous (typically, floating-point) values. E.g.
the predicted price of the house is $120,000.

D.A type of classic model approach that is less used today and which has been re-placed by the regression
model.

Answer(s): A

Explanation:
A classification model classifies the incoming data into one or more discrete classes.

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0313.jpg ---
324) The Border Security Agency has hired your software services firm to build an application for them that will collect
information about visas stamped on passports. You are given stamped images. You have to find out which country
issued the visa and the period of validity. Pull out this data and put it into a database.

Which of these applications would be suitable for that?

A.Use Cloud Vision API - write code to identify the text blocks, copy the data, and store it

B.Use TensorFlow - write code that will identify the type of visa and the bounding text blocks. Copy the
data and then store it.

C.Use AutoML - upload other images of visas and run the model creation process which will automatically
identify the visas

D.Use Data Labeling service - outsource the work of marking and extracting the in-formation to others.

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0314.jpg ---
325) Which of the following statements is/are true about Google Cloud BigTable?

A.lt is not compatible with Hadoop.

B.It Scales from Giga Byte to Peta Byte with No Downtime.

C.It can not be used in Real-time Ad analytics and tracking thousands of loT Devices Data.
D.It is an enterprise-level Database that offers relational and non-relational features

Answer(s): B

Explanation:
Cloud Bigtable

A fully managed, scalable NoSQL database service for large analytical and operational workloads with up to 99.999%
availability.

- Consistent sub-10ms latency--handle millions of requests per second

- Ideal for use cases such as personalization, ad tech, fintech, digital media, and loT

- Seamlessly scale to match your storage needs; no downtime during reconfiguration

- Designed with a storage engine for machine learning applications leading to better predictions
- Easily connect to Google Cloud services such as BigQuery or the Apache ecosystem

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0315.jpg ---
327) Which of the following statements is/are true about Cloud Spanner offered by
Google Cloud Plat- form.

A.It can scale horizontally to support additional capacity.

B.It comes with Zero Downtime, No Maintenance windows, and is
proven for large and small workloads.

C.You don't need to shard or replicate data.
D.All of the above.

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0316.jpg ---
328) You are working in a company that provides different services to its customer. Now it also wants to offer some paid
API services to its B2B customers for e.g. google provides google maps API, cloud vision API, and language translation
API. You need to figure out the best solution for the service.

A.Java Programming Spring Boot Framework for to solve the problem of APIs man-agement.
B.Cloud Functions with Firestore and payment gateways integration development.
C.Apigee API Management

D.Frontend & Backend Development with NodeJs and angular etc.

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0317.jpg ---
329) Which of these are defined by the following statement: a contract you have with your
end custom- ers, which, if you don't meet, you might even have to pay fines?

A.SLA - Service Level Agreement
B.SLC - Service Level Contract
C.SLO - Service Level Objective
D.SLI - Service Level Indicator

Answer(s): A

Explanation:
https://cloud.google.com/blog/products/devops-sre/sre-fundamentals-slis-slas-and-slos

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0318.jpg ---
331) You are working for a hospital that stores its medical images in an on-premises data room and it is provided that
the hospitals want to use Cloud Storage for archival storage of these images. You are required to design and
implement a solution where the hospital wants an automated process to up- load any new medical images to Cloud
Storage. On the basis of this statements which of the follow- ing statement is correct.

A.Create a Pub/Sub topic, and enable a Cloud Storage trigger for the Pub/Sub topic. Create an
application that sends all medical images to the Pub/Sub topic.

B.Create a script that uses the gsutil command line interface to synchronize the on-premises
storage with Cloud Storage. Schedule the script as a cron job.

C.In the Cloud Console, go to Cloud Storage. Upload the relevant images to the ap-propriate bucket.

D.Deploy a Dataflow job from the batch template, "Datastore to Cloud Storage" Schedule the batch
job on the desired interval.

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0319.jpg ---
332) You are storing sensitive information in a Cloud Storage bucket. For legal reasons, you need to be able to
record all requests that read any of the stored data. You want to make sure you comply with these requirements.
What should you do?

A.Scan the bucket using the Data Loss Prevention API.
B.Enable Data Access audit logs for the Cloud Storage API.
C.Enable the Identity Aware Proxy API on the project.

D.Allow only a single Service Account access to read the data.

Answer(s): B

Explanation:
Logged information
Your Google Cloud projects contain only the audit logs for resources that are directly within the Cloud project. Other

Google Cloud resources, such as folders, organizations, and billing accounts, contain the audit logs for the entity
itself.

Reference link- https://cloud.google.com/storage/docs/audit-logging

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0320.jpg ---
334) "With cloud messaging you can Customize and deliver messages accordingly to the
predetermined time in the user's local time zone." Comment on the above statement.

A.This statement is undefined.

B.The above statement is partially true.
C.The above statement is completely false.
D.The above statement is completely true.

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0321.jpg ---
335) An e-commerce company's business has been booming. To keep up with the growth the IT team also grew. Many
new people are being added and new resources are being set up. The CIO is in conver- sation with you over coffee one day
and expresses her growing concern that they might be moving too fast. Their security checks and policies have not kept
pace. She worries that somebody would make a misconfiguration or compliance violation thus exposing the company to
data and privacy loss.

What can you advise her?

A.Use Cloud Identity-Aware Proxy to allow only specific users to access the data.

B.Use Security Command Center to have a centralized view of assets and get noti-fied on
misconfigurations and vulnerabilities.

C.Use Cloud Data Loss Prevention to prevent the loss of any data.
D.Use Cloud Armor to block any DDoS attacks that could be a threat.

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0322.jpg ---
336) One of your clients is in the retail sector. They have a small team supporting their operations and a small
development team taking care of application development. They have heard of the benefits of machine learning, but they
do not have the capacity to hire data scientists or the work to retain them. They have a team of analysts who works
primarily on BigQuery and knows how to run SQL queries. They want to be able to get into the new age of machine
learning and artificial intelligence.

What options are available to run on Google Cloud?

A.Use the popular open-source libraries SciPy and NumPy to create machine learn-ing models.
B.Use the Unified Al Platform to create a custom TensorFlow model.
C.Use BigQuery ML to create machine learning models using SQL queries.

D.Integrate the Cloud Vision API and the Cloud Speech API to create a custom mod-el that will
suit the retail sector.

Answer(s): C

Explanation:

BigQuery ML allows you to create ML models using standard SQL queries. Those familiar with BigQuery and ML will be able
to create ML models with just a basic understanding of machine learning.
https://cloud.google.com/bigquery-ml/docs/

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0324.jpg ---
339) You are working with a user to set up an application in a new VPC behind a firewall and it is no-ticed that the user is
concerned about data egress. Therefore, to provide assistance you want to con-figure the fewest open egress ports.
Which of the following statement is correct?

A.Set up a high-priority (1000) rule that blocks all egress and a low-priority (65534) rule that allows only
the appropriate ports.

B.Set up a low-priority (65534) rule that blocks all egress and a high-priority rule (1000) that allows only
the appropriate ports.

C.Set up a high-priority (1000) rule to allow the appropriate ports.
D.Set up a high-priority (1000) rule that pairs both ingress and egress ports.

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0325.jpg ---
340) What are the different storage & database services in GCP? Which is Google cloud
storage and da- tabase below the option

A.Persistent Disk
B.Cloud SQL.
C.Cloud Bigtable
D.Cloud Spanner
E.All of the Above

Answer(s): E

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0326.jpg ---
342) Google offers Firebase, In terms of Firebase Console, any particular message that has to be deliv- ered to a
customer at a certain degree of change in behavior can be managed through

A.A/B testing
B.Notification Composer
C.Firebase Remote config.
D.None of the above

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0327.jpg ---
343) A large travel services company has been running all their workloads on Google Cloud in the previous year. They
looked at their past usage of cloud resources and see that there is a consistent use of 10,000 virtual machines
throughout the year. Based on the projections for the following year they have a strong indication that they will use at
least this much or more capacity within Google Cloud.

What is one way in which they can take advantage of this knowledge?

A.They can use these numbers to negotiate a better contract with another public cloud number.
B.They can cut costs by cutting down on the number of VMs used.

C.They can get into a committed use contract with Google Cloud to get a significant discount on
the usage of VMs.

D.They can ask for a sustained use discount.
Answer(s): C

Explanation:
Compute Engine lets you purchase committed use contracts in return for deeply discounted prices for VM usage. These discounts
are referred to as committed use discounts. Committed use discounts are ideal for workloads with predictable resource needs.
When you purchase a committed use contract, you purchase Compute Engine resources--such as vCPUs, memory, GPUs, local
SSDs, and sole-tenant nodes--at a discounted price in return for committing to paying for those resources for 1 year or 3 years.
The discount is up to 57% for most resources like machine types or GPUs. The discount is up to 70% for memory-optimized
machine types.

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0328.jpg ---
345) What characteristics should an organization adopt to be a DevOps organization?

A.Teamwork over individual work

B.Obsession with Automation over preoccupation with manual work
C.Product based teams over component teams.

D.AIl of the Above

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0329.jpg ---
346) When you update the function in firebase by deploying updated code, instances for older versions are
cleaned up along with build artifacts in__ and replaced by new instances.

A.Google Cloud console.
B.Storage and Container Registry.
C.Container Registry repository.
D.None of the Above

Answer(s): B

Explanation:

Container Registry is a single place for your team to manage Docker images, perform vulnerability analysis, and decide
who can access what with fine-grained access control

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0332.jpg ---
350) You are running a data warehouse on BigQuery. A partner company is offering a recommendation engine based on
the data in your data warehouse. The partner company is also running their applica- tion on Google Cloud. They manage
the resources in their own project, but they need access to the BigQuery dataset in your project. You want to provide the
partner company with access to the da- taset.

What should you do?

A.Ask the partner to create a Service Account in their project, and have them give the Service Account
access to BigQuery in their project.

B.Create a Service Account in your own project, and grant this Service Account ac-cess to BigQuery in your
project.

C.Create a Service Account in your own project, and ask the partner to grant this Service Account access to
BigQuery in their project.

D.Ask the partner to create a Service Account in their project, and grant their Service Account access to the
BigQuery dataset in your project.

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0333.jpg ---
351) A customer has contacted you about migrating to Google Cloud. The customer would like to mi-grate their data from
on premises as soon as possible. They don't have the budget to rewrite code, and they want the most direct route.
What migration option should suggest to the customer?

A.None, since the customer is not cloud native ready.
B.Rip and Replace
C.Lift and Shift

D.Improve and Move

Answer(s): C

Explanation:
With Lift and Shift migrations, the customer could move workloads from a source environment to a target environment
with few or no modifications or refactoring

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0334.jpg ---
352) Your client's IT environment has so far been on-premises. They run a mix of applications and data- bases on Linux and
Windows. They want to move to Google Cloud in the easiest manner possible.

What are their best options?

A.Compute Engine with VMs with either Linux or Windows OS.
B.App Engine Standard

C.Cloud Functions

D.Cloud Run

Answer(s): A

Explanation:
Compute Engine allows you to allocate VMs with different OSs - Windows and Linux, included.

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0335.jpg ---
354) You're negotiating SLAs with a customer. You have communicated that there will be a 99.99% (four 9s)
availability for the service you are providing. Every aspect of the service is under your control. They want to modify
the reliability to 99.999% (five 9s).

What do you tell them? (Choose two answer)

A.Yes, that could be possible. If yes, there will be a significantly higher charge be-cause the effort is
significantly higher too.

B.Yes, that is possible, but there will be an additional charge of 9% for the service because that is the additional
effort required.

C.Yes, that is possible. There is hardly any difference to provide another 0.009% availability.

D.Ask them for the reasonable downtime they are willing to absorb. If it is more than 60 minutes in an entire
year, explain how the current SLA meets that requirement.

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0336.jpg ---
355) An organization wants to evaluate the performance of their entire cloud infrastructure, including metrics like server
uptime and response rate reports.
Which Google Cloud tool should the organization use?

A.Cloud Trace
B.Cloud Monitoring
C.Cloud Profiler
D.Cloud Debugger

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0337.jpg ---
356) Which of the following methods should you use when you require a dynamic way of provisioning VMs on Compute
Engine when it is observed that the exact specifications will be in a dedicated configuration file and you want to follow
Google's recommended practices.

A.Managed Instance Group
B.Deployment Manager
C.Cloud Composer

D.Unmanaged Instance Group

Answer(s): B

Explanation:

The question is about a dynamic way to provision VM, it can be achieved by a Deployment manager or by using terraform.
MIG is creating multiple machines based on templates by load balancing

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0338.jpg ---
358) Which of the following storage options should you use when your company is using Cloud Storage to
store application backup files for disaster recovery purposes, provided you want to follow Google's
recommended practices.

A.Multi-Regional Storage
B.Coldline storage
C.Nearline Storage
D.Regional Storage

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0339.jpg ---
359) The customer has applications that do data processing on-premise. They have been built using Hadoop and Spark.
What product should | use on Google Cloud?

A.Dataproc
B.Dataflow
C.Dataprep
D.Dataplex

Answer(s): A

Explanation:
Because Dataproc is used to run Hadoop/Spark workloads

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0340.jpg ---
361) You have deployed a new public web application that allows users to register and login with email ids, phone
numbers, or user ids. You are seeing some unusual activity with user registrations and logins from a few IPs. A large
number of accounts were created very quickly. Logins are also happening quickly thereafter from these new accounts.
Different parts of the application are being explored, all of which are putting a heavy load on the application.

What could be a problem and how can you solve it?

A.A hacker group has hired a bunch of people to create accounts and manually use the system. Use Cloud Asset
Inventory to see if there have been changes in the inventory.

B.Bots are creating accounts and then using them. Use Google Cloud's Web App and API Protection (WAAP).
C.Bots are creating accounts and then using them. Use Identity-Aware Proxy to re-strict the users to known users.

D.Automated testing tools might still be running and creating accounts. Use Identity-Aware Proxy to restrict the
users to known users.

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0341.jpg ---
362) certain devices for cracks, rust, etc. Some of these issues are difficult to identify for a human and your company has
seen increasing customer complaints - the customer has paid for an inspection and the field agent said there was no
problem, but it later turned out there actually was. The team has come up with a proposal to engage Al to identify issues.
On evaluating the existing system, it is seen that the mobile phone network connection is not good or consistent.

What solution can work for them?

A.Use AutoML Vision Edge models.

B.Use the Rust programming language instead of Python to identify
issues like rust.

C.Use Cloud TPUs which will be able to do the analysis faster on the
cloud. Thus re-sponses also will be fast.

D.Use TensorFlow to create custom models and deploy it as
TensorFlow Lite mod-els.
Answer(s): A

Explanation:

AutoML Vision Edge model can be deployed to one of several types of edge devices, such as mobile phones, ARM-based
devices, and the Coral Edge TPU
https://cloud.google.com/vision/automl/docs/edge-quickstart

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0342.jpg ---
364) Which of the following is/are core storage options available on the Google Cloud Platform?

A.Cloud Storage and Cloud Data Store
B.Cloud Spanner

C.Cloud SQL and Google Big Table
D.AIll of the above

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0343.jpg ---
365) You are a program manager in a company you need to submit a bare metal solution order for a se- cure, high
performance connection with a low-latency network fabric.

What network information you need to submit the order to Bare Metal Solutions.

A.IP Ranges for example Client IP Address range used for communication between your Google Cloud
and Bare Metal Solution environments.

B.Google Cloud Project Id that you are using with your bare metal solution environment.
C.Total number of VLANs you need in your Bare Metal Solution Environment.
D.All of the above

Answer(s): D

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0344.jpg ---
366) You are a program manager in a company and handling a project and you need to create a virtual machine on
google cloud console that will be very simple to set up, by flipping a bit via command, API, or with developer console
that gives you 30 seconds to shut down when you're preempted, allow you to save your work that also helps in the
company budget upto 70-80% of less charges than the regular VMs.

A.Bare Metal Solutions
B.Preemptible Virtual Machines.
C.Google Cloud VM Instances
D.None of the above.

Answer(s): B

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0345.jpg ---
367) In terms of Infrastructure as a Service (laaS) what are the benefits of it?

A.laaS offers virtually infinite flexibility and scalability, enterprises can get their work done more efficiently,
ensuring faster development life cycles.

B.laaS resources are regularly available to businesses when they need them. As a result, enterprises reduce
delays when expanding infrastructure and, alternatively, don't waste resources by overbuilding capacity.

C.laaS resources are used on demand and enterprises only have to pay for the compute, storage, and
networking resources that are actually used, laaS costs are fairly predictable and can be easily contained and
budgeted for.

D.AIl of the Above

Answer(s): D

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0346.jpg ---
368) Your company has made plans to roll out OpenShift, a Kubernetes platform solution offered by IBM Red Hat, across
all its on-premises and public cloud environments. Given that you are the lead architect responsible for your company's
GCP deployments, what type of shared responsibility model will this deployment entail for you?

A.SaaS
B.On premises
C.PaaS
D.laaS

Answer(s): D

Explanation:

The key to remember here is that for a service provided (GCP in this case) to take responsibility for its PaaS, it must offer
the service as a managed service. GCP offers its own Kubernetes platform called GKE. But OpenShift is not a Google-
offered PaaS solution. As such, Google will not take responsibility for the back-end operations and design of your
OpenShift environments. You will need to manage all the VMs that OpenShift will provision as part of its GCP deployment.
So this is an laaS deployment from a shared responsibility model perspective.

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0347.jpg ---
370) Which of the following is / are true for Preemptible Instances.

A.Preemptible Instances have no Service Level Agreement (Compute Engine SLA).
B.Google Cloud Free Tier credits for compute engine do not apply to preemptible in-stances.

C.Preemptible instances can't live migrate to a regular VM instance, or be set to automatically restart
when there is a maintenance event.

D.AIl of the above.

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0348.jpg ---
371) If you increase the size of a subnet in a custom VPC network, the IP addresses of virtual machines already on
that subnet might be affected.

Which options are Correct.

A.False

B.None of the above

C.True

D.Not Defined by Google Cloud Platform

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0349.jpg ---
372) Which of the following statements is / are correct about Machine Learning?

A.Machine learning examples include chatbots and automated virtual assistants to automate routine
customer service tasks and speed up issue resolution.

B.Machine learning automates the job of building statistical models with Human Intervention.
C.Robotic process automation (RPA) can not be attached with ML.
D.None of the Above.

Answer(s): A

Explanation:
Customer service

Machine learning examples include chatbots and automated virtual assistants to automate routine customer
service tasks and speed up issue resolution.

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0350.jpg ---
374) Your customer has a reporting tool that is only occasionally used by the leadership team. Usage of it is frequent -
once a week, once a month, or once the quarter. They want to run this application in a cost-effective manner.
What are the compute options available on Google Cloud which would be suitable? (Choose Two answer)

A.Cloud Run
B.Cloud App Engine Standard
C.Compute Engine

D.Kubernetes Engine

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0351.jpg ---
375) You are working in a company where you need to store Terabytes of Image Data daily and process them e.g. Taking
photos of the entire planet 24 hours every day with satellite and sending data to data centres to store and process it.
Which of the following would be the best combination for your infrastructure.

You are working in a company where you need to store Terabytes of Image Data daily and process them e.g. Taking
photos of the entire planet 24 hours every day with satellite and sending data to data centres to store and process it.
Which of the following would be the best combination for your infrastructure.

A.Bare Metal Solutions with Google Cloud Storage.
B.Google Cloud Storage & Google Cloud Compute Engines
C.Google Cloud Storage & Preemptible VMs.

D.None of the Above

Answer(s): C

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0352.jpg ---
376) DriveSuper Inc. teaches its clients to drive cars and bikes and helps them get their license. They are planning to
build a mobile application where users can sign up, plan their schedules, and take stock of progress. They want the
onboarding process to be smooth and frictionless, giving users a great experience from the get-go. They want this
done as quickly as possible and not be expensive.

What is their best option on Google Cloud?

A.Build the mobile app with Cloud SQL as the backend
B.Build the mobile app with Cloud Storage as the backend

C.Build the mobile application with Firebase as the backend
D.Build the mobile app with Cloud Spanner as the backend

Answer(s): C

Explanation:
Firebase/Firestore is easy to build and is suitable for user information that could bvary in nature.

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0353.jpg ---
Explanation:

When you create a virtual machine (VM) instance, you must also create a boot disk for the VM. You can use a public
image, a custom image, or a snapshot that was taken from another boot disk.

When you create a boot disk, limit the disk size to 2 TB to account for the limitations of MBR partitioning. Compute
Engine automatically creates a boot persistent disk when you create an instance. If you require additional data storage
space for your instances, add one or more secondary instance storage options.

You might need to create a standalone boot persistent disk and attach it to an instance later, or resize a boot persistent
disk to improve performance and add more space for additional applications or operating system files. That process is
described in Add or resize a persistent disk. As a best practice, do not use regional persistent disks for boot disks. In a
failover situation, they do not force-attach to a VM.

After you create a snapshot of a boot persistent disk, you can apply data from that snapshot to new persistent disks. It

is only possible to apply data from a snapshot when you first create a persistent disk. You cannot apply a snapshot to
an existing persistent disk, or apply a snapshot to persistent disks that belong to a different project than that snapshot.

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0354.jpg ---
379) A customer in the European Union region is very clear that their data should not go outside the Eu- ropean Union.
Their end users are spread all over the European U. They have to choose a storage option that serves all the users
within Asia via web browsers as quickly as possible.

Which storage option will work for them?

A.Cloud Storage with a single region that is known to be within the European U

B.Cloud Filestore is connected to virtual machines which are guaranteed to be within the
European U

C.Cloud Storage with the multi-region option of European U
D.Cloud Storage with the dual-region option of European U

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0355.jpg ---
380) In terms of Dockers and Kubernetes, which of the following statements are correct?

A.Kubernetes uses Docker to deploy, manage, and scale containerized applications.

B.Difference between Docker and Kubernetes relates to the role each play in con-tainerizing and running your
applications

C.Kubernetes can be used with or without Docker.
D.AIl of the above.

Answer(s): D

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0356.jpg ---
381) In Google Cloud IAM: if a policy applied at the project level gives you Owner permissions, your access to an
individual resource in that project might be restricted to View permission if someone applies a more restrictive policy
directly to that resource.

What is correct below the options

A.False

B.None of the above.
C.True

D.Not defined by GCP.

Answer(s): A

Explanation:

Policies are a union of those applied to resources themselves and those inherited from higher levels in the hierarchy. If
a parent policy is less restrictive, it overrides a more restrictive policy applied to the resource. If a parent policy is more
restrictive, it does not override a less restrictive policy applied to the resource. Therefore, access granted at a higher
level in the hierarchy cannot be taken away by policies applied at a lower level in the hierarchy.

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0357.jpg ---
383) Considering Google Cloud Storage different Options which of the following is / are
correct on the basis of their real world use cases?

A.Cloud Storage : Images, Large Media, files , backups.
B.Google Cloud BigTable : AdTech, Financial and loT Data.
C.Cloud SQL : User Credentials, customer orders.

D.All of the Above.

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0358.jpg ---
384) The government has mandated that companies in a particular section of healthcare must retain all the data they
collect for a period of 10 years in case an audit needs to be done. Your client, who is in that industry, needs to follow

regulations. In addition, your client wants to do an analysis of the data quite frequently in the first year. They also
don't want to be liable for any data beyond year 10.
What would recommend for your customer?

A.Use Cloud Storage with nearline storage in year one and Coldline storage thereaf-ter. Use Object lifecycle
management to move between storage types and delete them after 10 years.

B.Use Cloud Storage with standard storage in year one and Coldline storage there-after. Set a Cloud Scheduler
trigger for 1 year to change storage types and 10 years to delete the data.

C.Use Cloud Storage with standard storage in year one and archival storage thereaf-ter. Use Object lifecycle
management to move between storage types and delete them after 10 years.

D.Use Cloud Storage with standard storage in year one and Coldline storage there-after. Set a Cloud Tasks to
trigger for 1 year to change storage types and 10 years to delete the data.

Answer(s): C

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0359.jpg ---
385) You are discussing scaling requirements with a gaming company.

When the game launches, they are expecting incoming data surges of 2 million users or more during weekends and
holidays. Their on- premise systems have had issues scaling and they want your advice on solving the issue.

What do you recommend?

A.Either Compute Engine VMs or Kubernetes nodes work, but it is better to keep a buffer of an extra 2
million users.

B.We can deploy a Pub/Sub to ingest data which will grow to absorb demand and pass it on to other
stages.

C.We will allocate Compute Engine VMs estimating 80% capacity of 2 million users.
D.We will allocate Kubernetes nodes estimating 80% capacity of 2 million users.

Answer(s): B

Explanation:
When there are huge surges in demand, it is preferable to use serverless technologies that automatically scale on

demand. In this case, the key concern is data ingestion. Pub/Sub is a serverless system that can expand to absorb
such demand.

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0360.jpg ---
387) You are looking for a one stop reference page for GCP support.
What Page would you select?

A.Compliance Hub

B.Google Cloud Platform Status
C.Support Hub

D.Pricing Page

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0361.jpg ---
388) What load balancer type is supported with Cloud Armor security policies?

A.SSL Proxy, HTTP(S) and SSL
B.HTTP(S) and SSL
C.Regional SSL

D.HTTP(S) Only

Answer(s): D

Explanation:

Google Cloud Armor security policies protect your application by providing Layer 7 filtering and by scrubbing incoming
requests for common web attacks or other Layer 7 attributes to potentially block traffic before it reaches your load balanced
backend services or backend buckets. Each security policy is made up of a set of rules that filter traffic based on conditions
such as an incoming request's IP address, IP range, region code, or request headers.

-> Google Cloud Armor security policies are available only for backend services behind an external HTTP(S) load balancer.
The load balancer can be in Premium Tier or Standard Tier.

-> Google Cloud Armor security policies and IP DENY lists and ALLOW lists are available only for HTTP(S) load balancing.
Reference link- https://cloud.google.com/armor/docs/security-policy-overview

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0362.jpg ---
390) All Google Cloud Platform services are associated with a project that is used to
provide what functions?

A.Manage Container Deployments
B.Enable Services and APIs
C.Manage DNS Services

D.None of the Above

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0363.jpg ---
391) Cloud Data Loss Prevention (DLP) is a fully managed service designed to help
discover, classify, and protect the most sensitive data. DLP provides three key features
(Select Three Answers)

A.Classification
B.De-identification
C.De-classification
D.Inspection
E.Reinspection

Answer(s): A,B,D

Explanation:

Classification. De-classification and Inspection

Classification is the process to inspect the data and know what data we have, how sensitive it is, and the
likelihood. Inspection and classification happen here. De-identification is the process of removing, masking,
replacing information from data.

Reference link- https://cloud.google.com/dlp/docshiips://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0364.jpg ---
393) Your company has signed up with a cloud provider and you will be using storage and virtual machines with
the provider. The provider has provided your organization some expectations for what the service should perform
at.

What type of agreement provides a guarantee of a certain level of service such as "Uptime"?

A.Performance Agreement
B.Interconnection Agreement
C.Warranty

D.Service Level Agreement

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0365.jpg ---
394) Which of the following are the current options for paid support in GCP? (Select Three Answer)

A.Premier
B.Standard
C.Enhanced
D.Role
E.Premium

Answer(s): B,C,E

Explanation:

Because GCP provides three options for paid support which are Standard, Enhanced and Premium. Basic Support is
included with your Google Cloud subscription which cover only Case, phone, and chat support for billing issues only

Reference link- https://cloud.google.com/support

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0366.jpg ---
396) App Engine has been deployed in your customers GCP cloud deployment. The customer would like to know more
about the benefits of App Engine Flexible. Please advise them on the benefits of App Engine Flexible (Select Two
Answers)

A.Supports autoscaling
B.Supports Docker containers
C.Supports mainframe connectivity

D.Source code is written in specific versions of the supported
programming lan-guages only

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0367.jpg ---
397) A startup client of yours does offline data processing for a few of its clients. They are mi-grating their applications
and the associated data to Google Cloud. They have 100TB of data to move. They presently have a very small private
data center setup connected to a local internet provider. The maximum bandwidth they are able to get is 100Mbps. How
long will it take them to transfer the data over the internet if the transfer goes smoothly?

A.About 12 days.
B.About 2 years.
C.About 100 days.

Answer(s): C D.About 24 hours.

Explanation:

The key reason | included this question is to clarify some terminologies that will be important for your estimates. The data size
mentioned is a TB terabyte. Note the "byte". The speed is mentioned in Mbps, which is Megabits per second. Note the "bits". 8 bits
make a byte. So, to get the actual number of bits transferred, you need to multiply the TB number by 8. Total data transferred (in
bits) = 100 * 1,000,000,000,000 * 8 bits Speed = 100Mbps = 100 * 1,000,000. i.e. 100 million bits are transferred per second.
Hence time taken to transfer all the data = Total Data/Speed = 8,000,000 seconds.

Number of seconds in a day = 24*60*60 = 86,400

Total time taken in days = 8,000,000/86,400 = 92.59 days

Reference link- https://cloud.google.com/architecture/migration-to-google-cloud-transferring-your- large-
datasets#online_versus_offline_transfer https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0368.jpg ---
399) A customer deploys an application to App Engine and needs to check for Open Web Application Security
Project (OWASP) vulnerabilities.

Which service should be used to accomplish this?

A.Cloud Armor

B.Cloud Security Scanner
C.Binary Authorization
D.Forseti Security

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0369.jpg ---
400) Google Cloud Platform (GCP) provides three main compliance resource webpages.
What are they? (Select Three Answer)

A.Compliance Reports Manager
B.Support Hub

C.Compliance Offerings
D.GDPR Home Page
E.TechCentral

Answer(s): A,C,D

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0370.jpg ---
401) What cloud deployment model is generally deployed between organizations such as non-profits,
hospitals or even enterprises that share similar requirements or interests?

A.Hybrid
B.Community
C.Private
D.Public

Answer(s): B

Explanation:

Community Cloud The cloud infrastructure is planned for selective use by a particular community of consumers from
organizations that have mutual interests like security needs, policy, and compliance considerations.

Reference link- https://csrc.nist.gov/glossary/term/community_cloud

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0371.jpg ---
403) A customer is migrating there on-promises data analytics solution to Google Cloud. The current solution has a lot of
data being read form and written to disk. The performance of this approach has occasionally been a bottleneck for a scale of
operations that your customer has. The application is fault tolerant and can with stand machine going down frequently. In
moving to Google Cloud they are asking your advice on any way to improve performance?

A.Use Big Query Which has very fast data access and analysis
B.Use Cloud Storage which can be central, scalable storage
C.Use local SSDs with the VMs

D.Use Persistent Disk with the VMs

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0372.jpg ---
404) Virtual Machine vCPU and memory usage for each of these categories can receive one
of the following discounts? (Select Three Answer)

A.Military Discounts

B.Spot Instances

C.Committed-Use

D.Sustained-Use

E.Preemptible VMs

Answer(s): C,D,E

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0373.jpg ---
405) Your customer is moving from AWS to Google Cloud. Data also needs to be moved. There is about 507TB of
data. On AWS, the data resides in an S3 bucket. It is going to be moved to Cloud Storage. Data is also being

continuously generated on S3 prior to the cutover. It is preferable that this is also periodically transferred.
What is the best way to move the data?

A.Use the gsutil command-line option

B.Use the Google Cloud console to drag and drop the files easily
C.Use the Storage Transfer Service

D.Use a Transfer Appliance

Answer(s): C

Explanation:

Storage Transfer Service provides options that make data transfers and synchronization easier. We can also schedule
one-time transfer operations or recurring transfer operations.

Reference link- https://cloud.google.com/storage-transfer/docs/overview

Reference link- https://cloud.google.com/architecture/transferring-data-from-amazon-s3-to-cloud- storage-using-vpc-
service-controls-and-storage-transfer-service

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0374.jpg ---
407) Your Coustomer's Organization has decided to move to the cloud. They currently run VMs on- promise but their
goal on Google cloud is to run containers, primarily on Google Kuber-nete's Engine. They have a lease for their private
data center for another year that they have already paid for.

What could be strategy they could adopt in migrating?

A.Jump and Ramp.
B.Improve and Move.
C.Rip and Replace.
D.Left and Shift.

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0375.jpg ---
408) A Customer has their current SAP systems using Microsoft SQL Server as the Database. They are migrating to Google
Cloud and also preparing to later migrate to the latest version of SAP. The entire IT team is being directed to focus on the
migration to the new version of SAP. The new version of SAP does not use Microsoft SQL Server as the Database, Any but the
most critical IT management tasks are being deprioritized, How should they migrate their current database to Google Cloud?

A.Spanner
B.Bare Metal
C.BigQuery
D.Cloud SQL

Answer(s): D

Explanation:

Cloud SQL supports SQL Server, Since the IT team's attention is being focused on other activities, they will have less
time for existing admin tasks, It would be best to take a managed/hosted version.

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0376.jpg ---
410) An organization wants to leverage cloud technologies but is concerned about vendor lock-in.

What would mitigate this concern?

A. Open standards

B. Database services

C. Service level agreements
D. Scalable infrastructure

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0377.jpg ---
411) What is a benefit of Google's purpose-built servers compared to standard servers?

A. They run software that cannot be deployed on standard servers.
B. They are cheaper to build than standard servers.

C. They are optimized for specific tasks making them more efficient.
D. They are backward compatible with legacy disk drives.

Correct Answer: C

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0378.jpg ---
413) In Google's cloud security model, how does availability contribute to a robust
security posture for data?

A. By ensuring data is reliable and accessible

B. By restricting data access to authorized users

C. By ensuring data meets industry standards

D. By checking that data is accurate and trustworthy

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0379.jpg ---
414) An organization is developing applications by using Kubernetes. They want their teams
to spend more time developing rather than managing clusters. Which Google Cloud service
should the organization choose?

A. GKE Standard
B. Cloud Run

C. GKE Autopilot
D. Compute Engine

Correct Answer: C

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0380.jpg ---
416) An organization wants to transfer some of its data from Google Cloud Which of these
statements is true?

A. Customer data may not be transferred out of Google Cloud

B. Outgoing data transfer must be enabled in the Google Cloud console.
C. A technical support ticket must be raised with the correct department
D. Customers have full control of their data and may transfer it at any time

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0381.jpg ---
417) An organization is transforming their raw data into a format that can be used to derive business insights Which
step of the data value chain does this action represent?

A. Data collection
B. Data storage

C. Data processing
D. Data analysis

Correct Answer: C

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0382.jpg ---
419) Customers are reporting very high latencies when accessing an application from the United States. The application is
currently running in a single region in Europe.
What should the organization do?

A. Run a replica of the application in a region in the United States.
B. Run the application in additional regions in Europe.

C. Run the application in additional zones in the European region.
D. Set up a new billing account in the United States.

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0383.jpg ---
420) An organization is running Kubernetes applications across multiple cloud
environments They want a consistent and centralized management platform Which
service should they choose?

A. Cloud Run

B. Compute Engine
C. GKE Enterprise
D. Cloud Functions

Correct Answer: D

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0384.jpg ---
422) An organization wants to build a data pipeline to transform its data so it can be reconciled in a data warehouse. The
solution must be scalable and require little or no management. Which Google product or service should the organization

choose?
A. Dataflow
B. Pub/Sub

C. Cloud Storage
D. Cloud Bigtable

https://shapingpixel.com


--- frame_0385.jpg ---
423) An organization is struggling to meet user demand for change and wants to modernize their legacy applications
by moving the applications to the cloud Why would this help the organization satisfy user expectations’?

A. Toil automation helps make automatic updates

B. DevOps requires that industry trends be measured and tracked
C. Updates can be pushed out more quickly to repair bugs

D. Customer data can be used to offer tailored content

Correct Answer: C

https://shapingpixel.com



